emma stevie still there! helping the news media with their comforting sound bites.
Oh word, so the Vikings got me excited again.  \n\nVikings, we're together for ever.  I put that on purple!
The real deal ! Kelly is amazing
My last names is yancey.
Holy shit he actually looks like Wiseau
Ok you guys should be a great game
Miss you genius
XD\nCoole Umsetzung ^^
Could the try guys try skydiving?
What can I do?  \n\nAccording to the experts you should:\n1. Garden with sustainable agriculture techniques (less pesticides and fertilizer (organic or better yet permaculture)).\n2. Buy food and manufactured goods made locally\n3. Pay down debt\n4. Learn skills they will be useful in the future and make friends that have useful skills you don't have (related to providing food, water, shelter, and medical care.  A necessary skill is organic/permaculture gardening/farming).  Very important: medical skills are the best way to ensure your survival.   All others will gladly sacrifice their life to protect your life, so you are around to use your medical knowledge to keep their  families alive.\n5. I recommend to invest some money into technologies to increase the carrying capacity of the planet (high risk investments);\nA. decrease environmental impact per capital \nB. alternatives for our food system input to improve production\nC. alternatives to our current living arrangements, \nD. alternatives to our plastics industry, \nE. alternatives to disaster capitalism\nF. Savior technologies, ie faster-than-light travel, game changer technologies, ie Cold fusion energy & delaying technologies, ie deep drilling technologies.\n6. I also recommend you inform and prepare your family, friends, and others.  It is best to initially suggest people have an emergency kit... for any emergency such as flood, earthquake, tornado, hurricane, loss of electricity due to a winter storm.  Then, if the friend or relative puts together a disaster kit, what I do is introduce Peak Oil (by telling them of the 43 second movie trailer http://m.natgeotv.com/ca/2210-thecollapse/videos/collapse-of-earth  , the National Geographic Collapse movie on YouTube, & free book downloads;\n7. For the truly motivated, a community based organization to mitigate Climate Change and Peak Oil is: http://www.transitionus.org/\n(For non USA; https://transitionnetwork.org/)\n\nGoogle 2052 free book summary download, &\n\nThe free book Plan C workbook download; http://www.communitysolution.org/newsolutionsreports/new-solutions-11-plan-c-curtailment-and-community?rq=plan%20c\n\nSee the Facebook page: National Geographic Collapse movie
SING SING SING KELLY! Shes so talented it is unbelievable!!!
Could you please make a video for berry crumb bars recipe. I love your recipes and videos
Thanks for the review man.  Battery life is important to me more so then tricks and gadgets.  I'll pass and wait for the new Pixel
Tarawherarwe?
All the comments is about hate nowadays people like to talk shit about someone they don't know on social media
Badminton! <3
Racist and oppressive? WTF? HES A MILLIONAIRE! FUCK THIS VICTIM CULTURE!
Alexa ;let's play guess my number. Are you 18 yet?
24:00 haha
Ultimate polution! Great!
This Song Goes Hard Lit
#5 on trending!!!!!
Say I can save today. You can save the world.
How the fuck did you figure that out??
I'm so happy for you 
i tell you madafukehz dis ees my haws! haaaaa!
it's funny because he raped women.
Where did you get or how did you make those teeth??
Oh my godddddd
Colbert hosted a dying show until Trump hate gave himself more time and money. Too bad he cant do something actually funny, productive or at least humane in an hour, rather than the nazi salute.
oh look 518 sad lil heteros disliked
This is #8 on trending whaaat?
Funny. Jezza doesn't premeditate diss soundbites against Theresa May with pre-rehersed audience claps; watch how she gives her producer the evil eye. Could this woman get any more phony? She is a laughing stock. Just like the UK itself.
Eyes Wide Shut is one of my favorite films of all time. I can't figure out why tho. DO IT PLEASE :-D!
Now this is quality content
That's cool!
That baby will be ugly as F*******k
My Lawd... she should've been my baby momma (instead of that loser egg-donor I ended up CURSED by)!   \n\nHymn
Nice lok att My Chanel
He fought through that pain to end a tour then he fought through more pain to give a bit of happiness to a few folks by signing autographs,that bending over had to be very painful for him but what a fan loyal guy as he again fought through the pain and stumbled off. I am not a celebrity/musician idol worshiper but I have to give credit where credit is deserved and in my opinion Tom Petty did good... he seemed to be a humble man. I was fortunate to have seen Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers while I was at the ripe old age of 19 on military leave in Pittsburgh back in 1983, what a wonderful birthday gift it was and they sure put on a great concert.
Its a great achievement that Supernatural has gotten 13 seasons but it seriously needs to end.. Season 1 to 5 were the pinnacle of the show and it has been a shell of itself ever since. It needs a proper definitive ending aside from the true ending Eric Kripke made with Season 5.
Roman I know this will be lost in the comments but everyone goes through tough things in life and the strong people make it through and the strong people push through and think about other people and make everyone else happy and I know you can make it through this and I know you're strong enough and willing to make it through this rough time I know you'll do great. Thank you so much for the vlogs and making my life a whole lot better. Use your own motto, smile more :)
OMFG
OMG SOOOOOOO FUNNY 
DO AN UPDATED DRUGSTORE FAVORITES VIDEO PLEASSEEE <3
Sub Reddit- shit my gf does
Awwww, look at Chuck Schumer's little parrot.
Will fucking Ferrell.
Way to capitalize on peoples frustration with the shrinking of our middle class
THE THEATRE ONE IS SO ACCURATE LMAOOO
end: I'm tryin to sleep
On the plus side, grooves are good for drainage.\nOh wait, it's a desert...
Cuteee 
Those statues have been up for decades, yet you have a problem with them just now.
Watch 200 jackie chan movies\nLOL
NetflixPretty Little Liars
Wow, this was interesting.  It is trending and I clicked on it thinking I was gonna hear rap or hip hop, but instead I got watered down pop country.  I haven't listened to country music since the 90s when country sound was full of Reba, Shania, Trisha, Patty Loveless, Garth, Pam Tillis,  Sammy Kershaw, Lorrie  Morgan, Tanya Tucker, Faith Hill, Tim McGraw, Brian White, Dwight Yoakum, Wade Hayes, Doug Stone, Collin Raye, Mark Chestnut Terri Clark and any more that I consider the golden age of true country music.  Now country sounds so blended with other genres of music that I would rather listen to classic country then to return to listening to modern country.
Try putting the 1 dollar doggo in rice, I hear it helps.
Nice clip
Kirly, a magyar felirat
Isn't this the guy that was wishing Trump would run against Hillary... I'm sorry who's not very smart?  That would be you. Trump's trying to get a deal done on tax reform... it's hilarious... your followers are just as dumb as you are.
Sanders is lying in this interview, Trump scrapped the TPP which Sanders wanted to do as well. Also, Whoever the fuck was smashing his head on the piano in the last 5 seconds of this video needs to be fired
this man is the gordon ramsey that feeds orphans
Lookin manly
My search history says that I should be behind bars and should never be released
Haven't heard from Margaret Cho or Clidoris Trembles in sooo long!
You're a disgusting vulgar looser
Ever think that they didn't realize that a tribute was happening?
The two guys face to face in the thumbnail would make a really cute couple! 
Omoshiroikatta ~~~~~~
151,200 died in the making of this series
absolutely in love with this message. and beautiful as always.
me and my brother has been watching your vids from the start. You've inspired us to start are own channel, and we did it's called WhighamtwinZ. We really love YouTube and get are motivation from your channel. I know you started off small and now your at 1msubs. I pray that are channel grows to something like yours. I have no idea how to promote are channel and would love it if you would give us some tips on how to get our channel out here for people to see. If you could do anything I would live to talk to you 1 on 1 through message to talk about a couple things. It would be so amazing if you could. Keep up the awesome videos man. We love you and support you all the way.
FYI Bad to the bone is copyright music
Monster Golf Swing http://bit.ly/2x6l4cD
meh... life noggin's better
I would jump off if i saw the glass was about to break
You Should Do A STRANGER THINGS Recipe  Please 
but.. my name is Enrique..
Yeah ummmm...this place closed a month after this makeover. And this was in 2014
Fake news
Rip Ryback.
To jego crka czy jak?
God damn that was funny 
I have to say, this new Om MacDoald show just keeps getting better and better with every episode.
dej <3 god bless
What's the music in the background
Hank, I really loved that quiet feet-in-grass moment at the end there. There are too few moments that I stop and appreciate such quiet, subtle joys, and even fewer of those when the joy belongs to somebody else. So thank you for the moment, it made me feel.
The FBI called and said you better say your brother acted alone
Old people say the darnset things but we should still respect them
What is achieved by bringing over that poor woman who was an ocean away and putting her through more problems? Because she's foreign, it's okay to ruin her life? Disgusting
YES THANK YOU!!!!
This is why you should have to get a certificate to have any child...
I need the bloopers
my favorite duo
i fuckin love this beat
Well... This is the future guys.
Toooop
Is it a law somewhere that all male youtubers have to wear a snap back 24/7?? Shower and comb your hair once and a while lol
Those stickers were cute.... I guess the makers loved their rainbow stickers.
does anyone else notice the grid lines behind his head wiggle and shake around as he talks? i know its the differences of the for ground effect on the green/blue screen. but just found it funny looking.
Good Comback Niners!!  But They Lost
NEED I SAY THIS AGAIN, THESE NEED MORE VIEWS
How to be ninja 3.0
That looks amazing on you!!!!
He should box Floyd Mayweather.
I LUV her voice, not sure I like the song.
Even the way you laugh is such a great art))))
Irma pounds Florida...and smooth talking Don pounds Sara's chunky ass later that weekend
Okay, Demi has a powerful voice, so they dared to turn her mic down. BUT Cece also has a powerful voice, but her mic is fine. I mean you could even hear the backups singers better than Demi.
This is just as good as it's your love!! I love watching your love story unfold. My husband and I met at the same time as you two (also married fast!)   We also had 3 girls about the same time as you both.!! Also born small!! Faith Hill Breathe is our wedding song!! Love you both maybe one day I'll get to see you on tour!!
Im here for this
I'm going to Ghana!!!!
Here's Leto himself talking about the used condoms. It's your fault, Jared:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3VSH9gqcPc
Ily Kungs, u r amazing 
1:03
Oh my gosh wait... I Brittany gonna have to meet with the sponsors now??
YOU KNOW WHAT I HATE ABOUT THESE INTERVIEWS?  When they CUT THE SENTENCES AND FULL STATEMENTS to frame it the way the producers want you to see it.  You can CLEARLY SEE the EDITORS (if you are real news.....why edit my statements?) keep cutting Steve's sentences.
please GO SUICIDE.
Have you microbladed those babies? They on fleek!
Let's just become hunter-gatherers again
3:09:05 to start the conference
But i hope so not will be something cheesy funny shit.

Next time, please make a video that is bit more informative.
Land Development Model - An Appraisal & Valuation Tool http://bit.ly/2xymQH1
Lmao some of these tweets are from years ago
Move To Google And then Type: *gamesecrxguide snapchat* This has been the purely working snapchat secret working from this month. Please do not waste your free time on some other tools
I can't stop laughing! OMG! I can't stop! This was freaking hillarious!
would have liked to have seen more of what they sold .. we dont have shops like this in the uk :'(
As a bicycle rider, yes I have a phobia of semi trucks.
A walk through the museum of Gaby's hair styles. And first time Ive seen Gaby's dad, and Allison's sister (who is very pretty). Nice episode.
No Hannah Hart costume??!
Snake
Incrvel! Brasil aqui!
I'm in love with the singer!! 
And while you invade Africa... I will invade Europe ;)
my name is Reyna so i felt weird when they were all saying my name 
0:40 his voice is my headcanon kankri voice
how is this trending lmao
No the black dots are part of the defroster system to keep the wind shield from frosting up that's why on most new cars with the electric rear view mirror have a wire running to the wind  shield
WTF Julia! I haven't watched in months but god damn! I lost 70 pounds in a year so I know the struggle. JP cherish her! I'm so proud of you Julia! You're a bad ass and inspiration
Phony little creep Brian Kilmeade...funny!
WHOOOOO STUDIO C OM TRENDING
Damn, these Vice reporters know so many languages it blows my mind. I can barely handle one, and they seem to know whatever needs to be spoken.
Oh my god so much fuss about a stupid dog , just leave it and let it die.
What is this? This is not Oasis? Alert me when you have decided to make it. Thanks
Harrison Ford does not give a shit about anything Hollywood and I love it.
0:26 - THERE IS NO LIFE IN THE VOID...\n\nWOO! LOOK AT ALL OUR SCHEMATICS! This is Star Trek! Look at the Phaser! Look at the communicator! Listen to the RIDICULOUSLY generic music and the crappy cg intro - WOO! STAR TREK!!!!
HOT HAM WATER! LMAO
Who else is here before it gets huge?
Garbage, Netflix needs to die off.
I always have played with my cats using my hands to teach them to be gentle with their teeth and claws. I teach them to be gentle by giving them a command as soon as they bite or use their claws and even more better if you can catch it before it happens. Once i know the cat understands the command i slowly stop using the command until it becomes second nature to the cat not to bite down hard or use their claws on humans.Reason why i do this is sometimes even thou you may watch them very carefully around kids, accidents do happen. So i've taught every cat i have owned to be gentle. If you do not introduce them to be gentle with hands, they will not learn how to be gentle when kids or stranger hands touching them.  \n\nAlso i suggest to put away any string or fishing rod toy that dangles in the air or any small toys when you can not watch your cat. Fishing toys can be dangerous too. I had one experience with my cat who love fishing toys. One day i was holding her fishing rod toy it in the air. She jump down from her cat tree running full speed and jump for the fishing toy and the rope accidentally wrapped around her front leg. I am glad when i felt the tug in my hand i let go. I could see her licking her front leg and shoulder blade for couple of minutes and shaking her front leg. I brought her to the vet just in case. Vet said nothing too serious with her leg. Probably just a slight pull but nothing to be concern about. However since that incident she never wants to play with any type of fishing rod toy, she runs away from that toy now.
An aging power supply mismanaged by  democrats. Improper preparation by democrats. Democrats are at fault.
South Harmon Institute of Technology
Did eny one els see that Easter egg
Idk why everyone freaks out about dp anyone can do that they just post videos about it it's not like they do it in the first try
Still not as good as my Ford broncos turning radius 
At the beginning of every game they say watch for flying objects leave the field i wouldnt like the net extending that far because than i cant catch a ball which is what alot of fans hope to be able to do at the end of the day it will happen no matter how long the net extends the only way to really protect people from foul balls is to put a net all the way to the foul poll and over top of the seats. Yes i feel really sad for this little girl and her family but i dont think the whole experience should be ruined for everyone
I used to chase these at the Phoenix Zoo when I was a kid. same Coyote :D
imma need about tree fitty
Box wine is called Goon here in Australia. Drink of choice for the underaged and homeless. They usually both use the goon bag as a pillow too.
Lol bisping is so underestimated by fighters,bisping is sik
oh my god yesss
Sweet talk, I dont think Japanese are racists. Dream on! Try to settle in Japan outside the world of entertainment ....
The old 50 almost came out after the 8:00. HAHA.........50
The ending is -LITERALLY- the best part...
Your rice looks gross af. If I wanted to eat mush, I would just eat potatoes instead.
Seth Rogen and Kristen Bell were in Orlando but I couldn't go see them because I was stuck inside from the hurricane :(
This is REAL games journalism. We got SUper Bunnyhop here investigating cool as shit history on videogames and digging up contact info of developers from 30+ years ago, while Kotaku just says you're sexist for playing Minecraft.
I've got everything but the master chrome highlighter.  I can't ever find it because it's always sold out everywhere I go.
Yo your #23 on trending right now
She seems like she is loving life
thirteen \nYes\nthirteen \nYes
I absolutely love this video!! They are the cutest 
10 really
You might even say that this was quite hard to wear
Quinta slays without makeup
John, You should make a video about June 4 1979.  ten cent beer night at Cleveland municipal stadium. Basically an Indians game turns into a drunken riot. It would be an amazing video. Please make it.
IM JUST HAPPY THAT ITS ON YOUTUBE AND NOT YOUTUBE RED
Wow...\nYou are so fat.\n\n\nI counted 4 extra chins...\nWhy make exercise tutorials when you can make make-up tutorials, but can't cover up your obesity 
Release date?
Or cut it 3 equal pieces
I personally don't think it's an big upgrade\nI'm just gonna wait until the X comes out next month\nI mean I've had the 7 plus since it first came out, and you should just go all out and get the X
WHy you always do this to me Kodaline?
Completely unrelated but if you have older sibling you'll understand: when your mom give you something and you're like this used to be ____'s it's not new and they're like new to you smh 
did somebody say........................ wood?
Omg, that sounds foodgasmic!
Nice, but the drop wasn't as hot as it should've been
Accuracy has never been this real
Love it
Directed by Wes Anderson
His art touched a lot of people in many ways. King Hefner will never be forgotten.
Kylie please can u do a skincare routine please??      
So sweet. Loved this!
only thing that would have made this better...if the video finished focused on her seat as one of the dogs jumped on it, all happy and wagging it's tail, watching her being escorted off the plane
Do Jackie Chan next!
next
OH IM SO EXCITED- THIS IS GOOD
I don't get it they say face unlock thing is like revolutionary when my Samsung tablet from 8 years ago 
These are so ingenious! I literally bursted out laughing at the I have a boyfriend! *SLAP* 
Hey Michelle. You should definitely try Avne Antirougeurs Jour - redness relief moisturising protecting cream. Its a moisturiser with a sensitive skin in mind. Not sure of stockists for you as Im in U.K. but definitely check it out because it has a slight green tinge to it, to combat the redness as well! \n\nAlso watch Lisa Eldridge tutorials - she has fantastic ones for redness solutions, easy tutorials, high-street (or drugstore in US) best brands. Definitely check her out :)
man, do they live in the past or what?
what's the outro song
Andrew can you make music with a midi fighterlike Shawn Wasabi?
What do lovers do?
Love Mayweather
Nature at its best. Thank you for sharing.
0:39 the hat says kill everyone for chicken
Try learning how to play the ukulele plz
UNBELIEVABLY INCREDIBLE! Lindsey is so talented it blows my mind!!!!
Stephen Colbert is one of the biggest threats against Trump because he is one of the most popular outspoken personalities speaking the truth. That is the reason why Trump's base has sound off the alarm to take aim at Colbert to try to bring him down. You can try, but Colbert is not going anywhere. Trump only has about 3 years left, or less hopefully.
i love baking too!!!!

What is this, the Franco era?\nI thought spain was a civilized country, not a Dictatorship state.
Headline is Trump you all dislike. Mindless puppets
I was waiting for him to tell us what BFR stands for. I really hope it's Big F*cking Rocket
Jesus jumped up Christ!! This is insane! And speaks very well of this little plane's reliability!
I know that
Try to pan fry the sticky rice cake, cut them into slices and fry until golden brown, it's a treat
U go girl!!!
The rice in the video looked like shit. This video is shit.
2016: amazing people dying 2017: Mother Nature on her period
Put a go pro on the anvil
Trurontsuuuuuuuuuuuuu
For me, how I perceive the video is Gabriel is trying to get rid of all of his problems, so he throws them in the ocean meaning, he pushes his problems aside, he tried distracting himself from his problems. He gets back home, thinking he had gotten rid of his problems but they soon came  back again. JUST MY OPINION. I am not saying that is what this video is about, that is just how I perceived this video\n\nEdit: Also, i think the lyrics is just a firgurative way for Gabriel to express his feelings/Thoughts/Emotions. That could be just me, but oh well. Hehe
I was there, what an atmosphere, I was in the supporters section 
my favorite !!!
There is an entire sunrise in her smile.\nREPLY
a little too slap happy in the middle for me, but other than that reallt good!
What do you think about Xperia XZ1 Compact?
Well that's what she got!!!! 
Maru looks at Hana wondering why she doesn't want to get in the box.
I am Australian. I knew almost none of these terms! I think I spend too much time on YouTube and Netflix...
When you're old AF BUT JUST LEARNING THESE THINGS! 
I still can't figure when black people will turn their backs on these spoiled childish white crackers. The reaction to these crackers is what they crave. When childtrn are screaming and yelling it's best to ignore them. The smart children usually realize, INSTANTLY, how ridiculous they sound. Two black cops standing by, not even prepared to protect their brother from a drunk white mob of bigots in Kansas City? Holy shit!
Thank god for the instagram links in the description.
I love his voice, it's so soothing and relaxing. And this song I haven't stopped listening to it, it's so freaking good. And instead of singing watching you leave me behind, he sings us more impact, emotion and depth. I love it.
Well, why not make the firing rails replaceable?
  !\n   jtbc2  \n .. 
Hi guys if u have a Gmail so plz follow me and join rosanna pansino community now
Is this Nasa Jpl's Official account .Because I have already watched these Images in Live stream By Nasa.
Why was the whole marching band black equal opportunity my ass
Take a shot every-time he says office 
I wonder what the largest (in terms of size, not pages) book is...
Mitch looks like such a dad
Barack Obama & CNN created racism... trump One of his birth certificate not because he's black.. which I'm FOCKING tired of you black blinded liberals who thinks you're in title of a SilverPlatter fuck you get a job, get off on well fair.. appointed fingers at people do you think they have white privileges.. this is 2017 and you black idiot radio talkshow host has no clue whatsoever.. you liberals have been brainwashed by the media and buy the stupid ideology of racism exist all thanks to Reverend Al Sharpton,  without racism his business will go down.. ..racism is a business for the Democrats and for you liberal idiots ..\n\nfor us conservatives we don't believe in racism because there isn't such thing.. we are all equal we are all the same we bleed the same blood we believe in a God we believe in the same music we love. We share great ideas like families and love and peace. There is no such thing as racism , wake the fuck up
Killing it! ...Too soon?\nI loved the song so much, I'm glad the video is finally here. A real art piece, I can't wait to see more!
OMG YES go kevin!!!
Do your parents reaction to DNA by BTS. PLS
SNAKE
You guys are like cute grandparents 
There'd be twice as many dead if it wasn't for crap country music tbh
Simple Q&A\n1) Did she mess up in the beginning?\nA: Yes, it's a live show, anything can happen.\n\n2) Tech Issue?\nA. Human issue, she sang lyrics wrong and stop singing.\n\n3) Was votes affected by this mistake?\nA. Not at all. It's additional performance asked by AGT,\nand it's NOT FINALS (you can see which clip thumbnails with FINALS with it)\n\n4) Was these show all live?\n. No, Sara & Hero's dog training is pre-recorded drama,\nalso Preacher with Howie.
*LIKE'S FOR THIS SONG* 
Men like this ruined my childhood.
Looved the video! The makeup was perfect for Claudia. Loved the lip liner and lipstick!
more than 1 person has died ok so like 1,000 people?
Coconut drink 
Its okay but dont say that again
Just an English comment passing by...
Michael jackson forever and pop 
Please temper your hazelnut coffee mixture or you will scramble the yolk
OMG what a cute hedgehog
Thanks for taking interest in our new electric vehicle. We actually don't know why this video is trending (except the fact that cutting-edge research always should). This video is not supposed to be a presentation or explanation of the aCar. The team just wanted to share their impressions of their visit to the Frankfurt Motor Show IAA. If you want to learn more on the project, please visit: http://www.acar.tum.de/en
Too bad that it's not going to work, it will be too expensive and not worth it for any company unless a ticket costs like 100,000$.
damn son!!
I need some context
Este video en serio me hizo llorar. Deseo con toda el alma que no haya habido gente dentro.
shit bow at 1:08
 circulatory motions  
yaaaaasss!!!!!! I love the beautiful full figured sistah background dancergetting it!!!! werq biiitch!!!!!
Idk why Chiefs fans are talking shit? There team is like Kentucky basketball players one and done 
They'd be amazing in space. No air friction. I'd be bad-ass. You could even destroy entire buildings on the surface with such a thing. The moon, mars, even the sun. Space forts. Rail-mail  People are strange.
Brussels stand up!
AT&T acquiring Time Warner will not make them a larger broadband provider as that portion of the business was already sold off to Charter.  They would only be acquiring the media portion of Time Warner.
How did 1,000 people dislike this trailer? Wonder why our world is going to shit
As great as this movie is... and it truly is great. The book is SOO much better! They did a great job keeping Goodman's quirkiness in the movie :)\n\nIt's one of the rare moments where I love both book and movie :)
I hate the original Blade Runner but I actually love 2049. 2049 is what i wanted the original to be after i finished watching it. The biggest and most important difference to me between the two movies is that 2049 has a much more interesting and engaging story to tell.
WHEN SHE STARTED TALKING ABOUT RIVERDALE LMAOOO i los tmy SHIT
Condolences with the loss of your mom.  Take the time you need...xxx
Omg did Steven get a haircut?
I was a twin\nSo...
Everything wrong with 47 meters down!!
Corgi name: Bonsai
2 Words. Holy Shit.
I don't think there is a song from Alec that I don't love  . I'm inlove with his voice , talent and the emotions of his songs 
Cannot believe how beautiful and simple this makeup look is ... no words
So they sing a Christmas song after Ari leaves? Timing...
Swoozie 
We call it iPhone X because we added anemojis, which equal XD
MFFL here and Im pissed at Mark Cuban. Give Noel that money man!! Cheap ass
LOL! I always have a real hoot watching your videos, though I havn't seen any in a bit, of course anything titled after LAVA would catch my attention! XD \nI Absolutely Love LAVA! I cried the first time I seen it in theaters, and then when I eventually showed it to my boyfriend (now husband), he cried too! XD so darn cewt dem volcanoes!\nAnyways we love singing it all the time, and then earlier this year when we found out we were pregnant, we knew our nursery theme INSTANTLY! Hawaiian Ocean. --But not just that! That mostly includes LAVA, Lilo & Stitch, and a little bit of Finding nemo.\nOf course we are going pretty far with a sea turtle theme now, but I am obsessed with wanting a huge picture of UKU & LELE over where the crib will be (SQUEE!) Of course I am working on that myself! But it will be so cute having those volcanoes sweetly watching over the baby!\n\nlol we are no where near even starting (nevermind completing) the baby room, but That is just my spiel on how much we loved LAVA too!!!  (Plus Uku reminds me a lot of my husband, who is a giant cuddly ball of mush XD  )
WHERE IS YT RED EPISODE
the beat tho!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Me encantooo\nEstuvo perfecta\n#MAMITA
These lyrics are some Talking Heads-level stuff.
Y'all look clean. Thx for bringing true r&b lyrics and emotions back to the forefront
I can't wait for his new album. He's an angel
Hello again. I was wondering...where are those tiny hoops that you have in multiple piercing from. Im a nurse so I'm always on the look out for simple and chic earrings.
Jesus hath risen
I didn't know I wanted this.
wait.... Isla Fisher is not American?
Guys Help me out move on
I love this! Thank you and happy belated birthday !
https://www.drpeppertuition.com/profile/1922107824482777\n\n\n\n\nVote for me please
I believe not every ancient authors were uncritically admiring of Sparta. They suffered a pretty nasty defeat against Thebes at Leuctra, after all, and it was downhill from then on. It's a pretty important battle in ancient military strategy, I hope Historia Civilis covers it some day.
Awwwww!!, so cut
Thank you for partnering with this foundation and spreading the importance of education!
Of course it has to be in Russia..
So why do mortals have to eat in order to obtain energy if one soul contains that much energy?
GARBAGE
Please make halloween macarons!!!
Why is this trending with only 64k views
I remember when you started doing stream of consciousness videos on your dailygrace channel, I actually remember the very first one called stream of conshhhhsness.\n\nAlso, WHERE DID YOU GET THAT WHITE HOODIE?
Why doesn't this guy mention what the leaks were? Since they had such a huge impact in Trump's favor, I would assume the actual contents of the leak would be discussed. This guy and the media are holding from you info you should know. The Russians wanted the American people to know how fd up the establishment dems are! Stop being ignorant.
he sounds like the male version of tina from bobs burgers
Make a mini hamburger
We always say white people age like milk but these latinas are throwaway to after 30, damn Cassie what happened?
somebody needs to post kb's hook lyrics.. :)
Her timing was perfect!
Me- my last name is Do pronounced like cookie dough\nSchool partner for 5 mins: dooo? Daa? Dee? Dai?? \nProfessor: okay class, times up! Whats your answers for the first 5 questions?\nMe-.....
why the hell is this on trending
<3
Break my legs!? OMGG LOL
That was like watching the movie in fast forward! wtf?
 *WHAT THE FU-* 
#cakebookquiz IT'S A ICE-CREAM CAKE
Anyone else attracted to Kevin Spacey
i dont have In-n-out near me
I really liked Lava too, but my fav is the 2D animated one about opposites.
Sometimes I get the impression that Adam is Norm's Karl Pilkington.
This has got to be in the epic vejiclesnplaylist
Harpoon is me
Hats off for the owners of Apple for all the money they are going to make with their new overpriced gadgets.
Hey, I think his album is great! I made a playlist on my channel if y'all wanna go listen to it. It's got this whole album on it. Just trying to help y'all out
Where there are eight there are always more. Little known fact.
He kinda look like Russell Westbrook
What concealer do you use
Corgi name: Mr. Floofles VonBarkingson
Fake accent
Nice video anwar! Love your videos so much!
Ok, which of you was the guy at the end?
Many republicans want to get rid of the deductions because real republicans want smaller government and less bureaucracy.   About the income inequality: there is a good chance that this is largely because of automation, read rise of the robot, a new york best seller about the effects of automation on the economy
I wanna be a panda...
These spam bots are on steroids
Definitely thought they were dating since Vine oops
pussy lips is hot thoo
Imagine Ron Swanson, Will Pharrell, Alec Baldwin, Jimmy Fallon and Bill Hader in one skit
I love your deathly hallows choker
lol Marty was all over the place in this video
thats really cool lease repond back to how to make one
I had clinical depression for like five or six years of my life, and I only started feeling good enough to get off of medication last year. Youre right, you do have to force yourself to live a healthy life to start getting better. You have to learn to actually put yourself before others no matter how hard that is. Im so proud that Im a happier person now, even if I do still get depressed and anxious from time to time. But anyways, thank you for speaking out about this, its really important that somebody does.
THE EMMYS HAD THEIR LOWEST VIEWERSHIP IN HISTORY HAHAHAHAHA
Mirror is  I can listen to that anytime of day.
chilling...
Thanks for the review. I know these products are expensive, but when you are getting into VB, you know you're in a different price bracket than most other brands and not necessarily thinking about the worth of the item in relation to its price. The products are beautiful and definitely worth collecting if you're into that sort of thing.
Hey Emily! You should check out Parasite Rex by Carl Zimmer!
this was amazing.
Allah save them this is very divastating earth quake colour Race  country does not matter all are human beings pray for them
no video with addblocker on, ok no more tonight show for me.
Do one with Shanna!
mad cute
What a gorgeous video! 
Songify the pope
This is how people use gameboy in this day and age
loooove these type of videos
Rhetoric limit badly truth die starter legitimate resolve responsibility complex.
OH NO WONDER WENDOVER PRODUCTIONS WAS SO SIMILAR AND SIMILAR VOICE
What a great fucking speech
NO NO NO FOX PAYS YOUTUBE 257 VIEWS ON WTFFFFFF YOUTUBE U FUCKING SELL OUT!!!!!
Don't worry about Anxiety I have HADA so I have a lot of Anxiety
Where the stoners at?!
Lol in my country(Dominican Republic), every man and woman can do it. It's like a kids game :v
Katy Perry doesn't surprised anyone...
Demental  Dotard Trump
I would wait in line to get an autograph or a hug from Cole Sprouse. same
Same sis
Someone could get 5,000,000 views in 1 hour and not get on trending but this dumb shit gets trending with only 18k fucking views?
Snoke looks like George Soros to me
I want to be a robotic engineer
1488
i love him
Uninspired.
gaps in between college
She defends cry baby black players who scream about non-existent injustice.
How about the democratic stop block aiding aid?
mane youre a fucking joke
Lucky
Where you from bro
AAAAAAHHHHH!! Literally can't wait!
Shelter to get you out of the elements? You definitely won't last long without water, basking in the sun.
I had most of this stuff, omg T_T Scrunchies.
All the haters can fuck off
I bet you a dollar you will read this text
'cause I love the adrenaline in my veins 
The shades of blue are exceptionally beautiful.  
Lele I love you so much 
If youve got a social security or personal pin number, your born into the debt of your country.
coincidentally, the worst movie is called Troll 2. maybe there's an ancient magic to the word itself.
Recently got the Mx master 2 And it is Really Nice. (As a full time video editor) the vertical scrolling is such a Nice feature And its not (too) expensive.
Liberals need snl to dry their tears from the election lossthis is gonna get very old even to them for next 7 years
My favourite short probably is Larva
USA baby! Watch out for us in the World Cup. Dangerous squad when things are clicking!
Techniques of Patricia Fernandes reproduced...
You made something incredible
Fuck bron bron, fucked up my nigga Hayward with no regard. \n\nDeadass left the murder scene like nothing happened.
Yeah... \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Man the fuck up..simple. Quit being scary..and go after what you want
Morrssiey is back baybuh....  
What?
why are the edges of the framed stretched
I have been a LORE fan since the start, this just gave me infinite goosebumps!!!
I was low-key hoping that Michelle would come back for a season 3 suprise! I don't really care who plays her I would just really like for Michelle to come back
We have basically all these flavoured in the UK how do you guys not have CHEESE AND ONION ITS SO STANDARD!!
Looper stop click baiting, for fuck's sake.
Yes a  blind gay Jew who is married to a black guy is a racist
Is this a bit? These videos are like an elaborate bit, right?
A e s t h e t i c
Finally February 13th 2018 I will get to meet my favorite artist face to face, NF.
AWESOME!!!! as always. What's with the secret word thing though? btw, is that the kitchen in the background?
omg Lauren 1 question. WHEN WILL YOU DO ANOTHER BETCH SKETCH?!?!?!!?
Happy Halloween
I think that Taylor lady MAY be a prostitute
College Humor
Get plies cuntryyy ass on here!
Lol after 2008, im happy if my lions just win at least one game haha. But this was a good game. Detroit all the way!!!
Omg!! The way he did her makeup  no wonder why he is a celebrity makeup artist
This touched ma soul
I love everybody
At picking cotton 
Pls say how to do it
guys don't do lives for such stuff... just don't...
Respect from Brazil.
If my kid turns trans on me I'm putting him/her on my roof and the only way down would be to jump. Maybe he/she will hit their head and fix themselves
Another snobby brat trying to get attention. These younger people think they r better then everyone truth is they don't know how to behave correctly.
I have to concur with the Buckingham Palace staff. Corgis do not have personality they're assholes who will try to bite you for no reason whatsoever. I love animals, especially dogs, but corgis are different. Cats are independent, dogs are loyal, and corgis are dicks. If someone was loading them up into an extra large tshirt cannon and launching them into a lion pit, I'd have no doubt believing they'd done something to deserve it.
I keep silicon jell in my dry bag when camping
We are watching the before death of the sin counter
The liberals are here. They had to look up what a bump stock was because they refuse to get acquainted with their right to the second amendment. The number of guns has risen, the number of casualties has decreased. More guns=safer America.
Congratulations Ro for 9 million subscribers 
Of course they have a black girl doing the chicken and waffles part of the video
OK AUNTIE JACKIE
NOW TEENS REACT REACT TO RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE
I knew all of em!!!!! I watch like everything on youtube
do they just make up these stats? no offense, nice video and all, but we were doing that salt and ice thing back in 1996 when I was a kid... 10 years before 2006.
WTF why do I have a boner

This girl is hilarious, she's got a lot of talent. This skit and that voice cracked me up and her eyes are gorgeous.
Women will never be on our level. We built everything you see around you we even created YouTube. Were innovators. Were strong were superior we run the world.
La la la la..everybody do that man...lol
Yes
He is perfect and innocent. I just wanna give him a peck on his cheek and hug him tightly.
Was she on the walking dead? That girl named Jessie I think....
To liberals down is up and if you follow that belief system to its logical end you end up in hell.
How is this trending ? Awful
Im already subscribed but Id like an iPhone X giveaway
Hopefully they dont send the cat to a Chinese restarting and make sweet and sour cat
I don't do public comments when celebrities etc die....but Tom Petty was one of my favourite singers ever and a lot of his music has a lot of profound personal memories attached to it for me and I'm genuinely shocked and saddened to hear of his death today.\nThanks for the memories Tom. Out in the great wide open, a rebel without a clue 
lovely
Learn how to do a heelwhip its like a tailwhip but the other way and you need to kick the deck with you heels its a bit challenging but try
Name it Kelly
https://open.spotify.com/track/0co22DdQlaDMuaWG0MEJZX?si=QBl7aUqC this song reminds me of grace
The flash October 10
How beautiful is she
This reminds me of these cheap chiniese watches with LTE connectivity
Ariel is the best!!!
Like ur style brother keep it up fresh generations to come
I love him
You should do a ted talk!
OH MY GOSH NEEDTOBREATHE! YOU NEVER CEASE TO AMAZE ME!
keep on hating\nkeep on scoffing\nkeep on speading cynicism\nkeep on knowing it all\nJust remember that you will reap what you sow
Somebody find this man a spine.

Incroyable encore une fois...j'attend le prochain festival ou prochaine tourne pour l'couter en Live ! 
Mykie, as an educator, this video means so much and is so incredibly important. Thank you.
You can file for medical bankrupty. Healthcare here sucks
Smokey the bear should run it at the end and eat that guy
Bro I learnt a new word. It's DOME!
DOLPH ZIGGLER IS LITERALY HITLER!!!!  libs
Life Noggin could you do a collaboration with Kurzgesagt - In a Nutshell ?
THIS WAS AWESOME! Great vid Casey
Mass Effect and Jurassic Park are overrated as fuck.
puhahaha iPhone 8 lost lmao
Chicken Tinders
I think You might find this interesting http://thedadbag.com 
Rey is a grey Jedi confirmed
I wanna hang out with these guys!
I'm not saying everyone should love this guy but from what it seems it was a guy that was so excited to get his dream job and got caught up in a bad situation.
Did anyone else go nemo! when the clownfish showed up?
I like men
I'm too afraid to read the comment....
irkin yorumlarnz kendinize saklayn. Harika bir tasarm olmu. Excellent design.
Maravilhosa !
When you stan a band full with handsome boys
Simon is starting to speak with actual words now
My god this is very good, thanks StoneSour
Fuck dat Bitch and ESPN
Balrog = Wings.\n\nIt said it specifically. Just because the shadow as like wings doesn't imply it doesn't have, only describes how the shadow fell about the room.
Go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You're going to get the only 100% working secret fully FREE for the game.
Eugene is too gorgeous for this world.. kill him
If your drive wheel is too slippery try swabbing it with PVC primer; that penetrates plastics and makes them more open.
IT TRAILER, ON AN OPEN FEILD NED!
Very nice points but Adam Ruins Everything can just be boiled down to this: x and then y because BIG BIZ
I'm a Jew.\nMy wife is Chinese.\nOur son's name is So Su Me.
Fighter Workout Tip: End of the day you only NEED two things. Nice set of reasonable weight dumb bells (10 for newer folks, 20-25 goal. Higher if bigger person) and a really durable heavy bag. That and some god damn discipline is all you need to not only get your body in order, but do so in a way that gives you a very natural build. Nothing overly stressful, very little chance of injury unless you're a fucking imbecile, and exceptionally relaxing afterwards. I'm telling you, NOTHING like just going apeshit on a heavybag to make a shitty day a bit better. Put in what you want to get out. 5-10 minutes a day, or a few hours. You got that shit either way.
What is that!?!  Is it a boy or a girl!?  Creepy looking little kid
even God hates Mexico.
could you do an eleven or just generally stranger things look in honer of the upcoming new season?
I'm more the kinda guy that smashes the like button XD
Dissss ethhhaaaannnnn
Guess the cowboys logo is still a rating aswell
it's sonics fault

I'm so exited for season 2!!!! It's my favourite show! I love you Colleen! And no matter what happens I will support you!
Let mr Kate design your room so it is more organized and it won't be packed like your apartment
I hope she doesn't apologize  because everything she said was the truth. If dunce Trump can dish it then he should be able to take it.  DL you forgot to mention The Central Park Five, when dunce Trump wanted  the death penalty reinstated  for five innocent minority men for raping a white women. Also, he referred to those young men as animals, beasts, thugs, and niggers.
He is secretly a Google employee.
i want a Ben too
S VEM MINHA RAINHA
Great review
Ew
Great review! I like your Google shirt. How do I get one or where do I buy it from since I can't afford either of the Pixels.
BEST AD I EVER SEEN
When will this app available in Malaysia?
FAKE NEWS. 100% HOAX dummies, wake up.
Please bring on Matt Stonie
equifax should determine who was impacted and offer lifetime monitoring for those individuals. even that will not protect those that were impacted as the other agencies could be used to open credit cards, bank accounts, etc but it is the least they could do for losing that information. disappointed and surprised that the government is not leaning on them more for remediation.
What a awesome video. I have been watching this movie like 3-4 times a year simply because of the reasons you mentioned. Also happy birthday!
Man watching his Bulls career was great. Hope he gets a ring with Cavs.
I love this
Devan won in mlp
OMG I recognize them now! Claire and the Crosbys! That's incredible!
Who color matched you? Even as someone who doesn't do makeup that color's too off >.<
I cant wait to see more .
White person kills another white person in the name of hate in Charlotesville, non stop media attention for weeks and weeks.  Black refugee kills white person out of hate, media is silent.  This is why Trump won.
I love Lindsey Stirling I play the violin too
You should make whats the animal that can survive the hottest temperature\nLike humans then so on and so forth
Nvm
This showed up in my feed yesterday and I only just saw it now.\n\nGood lord I need this movie in my life
I hope they let her learn how to be the Tomb Raider. If she come out whipping the floor with people then ima be pissed. I feel like she will have very little to learn about survival.
What petitionthat worked did Mark + Kristian mention briefly??
Women's peak strength is earlier than 25

My favorite
Why are there more white people speaking out than black entertainers???????? Where yall at
Soulja boy not soldier boy. Liza
like si ves que el agua se mueve :v
Her coach comes from my high school. He graduated in 1996
Is it just me or does the badass stab lady look like bonnie mcfarlane from rdr?
This clown is right in sync with  President Grab'em By The Pussy Trump!
**when you had never been grounded so you feel like you are the best in the world or whatever**
Wow natural talentand perfect voice for this song
Hey can u do a challenge of doing one zombae out of markers
I miss Jedediah Bila all joy does is set there and cough she hacks the whole show and Whoopi is a bully good luck to Meghan McCain she's going to need it
I want to kill my self know
Thanks for another great video!  Love your new hair style!
Did he just say the rockets are better than OKC  He love the cavs
He is so cute ughhhhh 
Imagine Fred Durst singing a Taylor Swift song. That would be fucking hilarious.
I am now officially one of your biggest fans. You just the dopest song of all time. This should be goin' up the chart  because your collaboration with Avril Lavigne and also Anthony Green. You guys rock! 
Dad of the year
I will never ride with this guy!
University rankings are also bullshit.  A local school administrator told me some random guy calls people asking what rank they want to be depending on how much they pay and the exposure of the magazine.
Why is pewdiepie not on the list
Hi
Ill forget about Irma xD
I'll stick with my 7
You can vote against your own interest it's the american life.\nYeah it's the american life!\n\nLMAO
Gus: hmm, i have an old computer that doesn't work. Should i throw it away? Nah, i have a better idea!
This is a great tutorial! Thank you, Christen
Roman style?
R E A L  S H I T
NO IS THE ANSWER.
better than the original
I'm a 2001 baby but I still like alot of stereotypically 90s things 
These are entertaining lip syncs? Wow being straight must be terrible
Body Language Analysis No. 4095: Celtics' Gordon Hayward Breaks His Leg in Dramatic Fashion During Game with Cavaliers - Body Language and Emotional Intelligence \nhttp://www.bodylanguagesuccess.com/2017/10/body-language-analysis-no-4095-celtics.html
FUCKING YOUTUBE TESTING THEIR VIEWERSHIP CONTROLS.
Omg I can't believe Kimbra invented music videos
I don't hear Jimmy with any ideas on how to fix Obama care
poop
Why don't you do a giant Philly cheese steak hot pocket
Ugh.. why did this make me cry... I didnt cry while playing the game...
Nationals errored that game away!
ok so if gay guys are into men then that means they're attracted by masculinity right? but both these guys are feminine right? so why would they be into each other? sorry not homophobic just curious on a science level.
They better post a video on the wedding day bc Im invested now
Love it 
I was not expecting SwooZie
I've been wait for this, since I heard the song from the toy.
i'm responsible for at least 1000 of these views omfg 
Any chance of seing you guys in Savannah, Georgia?
How were the cookies?
How to survive mass shooting
Nile u were staying in the same room I did in Montreal
PLEASE DO A PIECE ON DUTERTE AND HIS DISREGARD OF HUMAN RIGHTS.
The French actually like to mix their moisturizers in with their BB cream to give them the natural glow. But it was a great video!!
learn to parkour
Well shit... looks like one of those solutions is hopeless for me... -_-
I'm from bmore Eastside (greenmount Ave)..she is right she won't not have left bmore wit that BS
So stupid, you assholes drink the globl warming coolade. Ever woulder how the ice got there.
*clears throat* .... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
again, i ask myself how do i get here. haha
please visit albania for me in europe we cant affored it and i choose you  to experience it for me P.S. im albanian
How am i supposed to remember all of these things ?!  I can barely remember my locker combo ..... 
I wish them the best
Put mirrors on the plane's tail. Countered. Im available for hire Lockheed Martin.
This is sad, Houses destroyed, 23 lives taken away. I'm not that far from Santa Rosa. I sure hope they stop this.
Autumn haul/lookbook please!!!
Only complaint I would have about this particular trailer is the lack of diversity--where are all the people of color? haha. Otherwise, great production value! Love the game and I love Nintendo. Can't wait!
I am in an unfortunate state of Scarousal.
I got them all correct after I switched which ones I thought were piano/nylon guitar. After I heard the last one I relaized it was the nylon guitar. but 4/6 isn't too bad for the first try...
Anyone notice the clown on the wall
Why do these sheep have vertical pupils?
Subscribe to Colin flaherty the truth
11m SUBS YASS BBY
He got AIDS and FUCKING DIED.
YASS HARRY POTTER I LOVE IT
such an awsome feeling dude
That many guns is a dealer
I like it. Santa baby!
I want that bottle to be aerodynamic
Can you start posting daily videos again
yyyy-mm-dd what the fuck
Alright I wonder what Season 21 will look like in the first episode
giant pizza pot pie plsss
KciD
When you think it's a movie trailer, but it's really and advertisement for sports wear....
White walkers don't actually eat meat they just kill you with weapons and make you a member of the army of the dead. What she meant I think was walkers from 'The walking dead' not white walkers from GOT
nikki is best
Pineapple *DOES NOT* go ON *PIZZA*
It takes a real man to admit to their mistakes
This is why y'all are losing ratings...dummies
jesus christ, everything about you is so perfect
post notif squaddd. Love u babe
... Boobies jiggled when you sat down so suddenly 
OMG I did not see this vid straight away and I missed my opportunity to see Roman Atwood!! WHYYYY!!! 
I WANT TO KIKI WITH CATHERINE
omg..like i cant. he just may be the hottest man in the world. YES, BABY!!!
General John Kelly was able to shed some light on what really happened when Trump called and put these liberal slanderers to rest.
Like a kid in a candy shop
Hey Casey! I love your videos! What is a good drugstore dupe for Benefit Goof Proof?!?!?!
Everything is resting on how the Justice League does and how it is received... I hope it does well, but Geoff Johns comments lead me to believe they are internally preparing for IF it fails...
Is this a commercial? TF?
It does not matter what it is NEVER let a yank get behind the driving controls, good job it was not a yank female at the controls or that ship would have ended up landlocked.
This young dude is fast! Man!!
volviste
wow nice song made me want to drink bleach more
Cayey HEY!!!! Belloooooo me encanto !!! Puerto Rico te amo 
chester :'
Is they are doing the fighting to run away from paying for their meal ??  that's what I understood
Schema therapy is amazing! I have tried a bunch of meds, general talk therapy, CBT, TMS, a bunch of things in an intensive outpatient program, and they helped but none as much as schema therapy.
The look overall looks absolutely flawless
The invitation came in a form of a WHAT?!?!
Honey. Sleep.
ISLAM CAN HAVE MY FREEDOM, WHEN THEY PRY IT FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS !!
Video will be banned for innapropiately making fun of less fortunate people
*TELL THAT TO BOTULISM*
Awesome musik, I live the Arabik influence.
3:36 Aw, he dead
That smile....
Donde esta mi yaoi??? :V \n\n\n#45 en tendencias en Nicaragua! 
It took me a while to understand that spoon thing tbh.
This I what I could manage with my own canon 80d and borrowed Go Pros .\n\nhttps://youtu.be/2ZenFuSc4WI

Jp: people who hate giant things \nPersons name is :I like small things in my mouth lol 
I had my doubts at first, but yea. She is Wonder Woman. Love her.
I love you so much and im so glad youre so real and i have hyperhidrosis too and i just love that you get it.
Philippines.
Jack Black turning into Jack Nicholas
gabbie I feel so sad now that I know you feel this way please don't let yourself ever feel this way again I love you and I'm sure millions of other people do too!!stay happy girl!!cuz I love you
you guys wonder why jaclyn doesnt upload as much anymore...READ THE DAMN COMMENT SECTION. you guys are sooo unbelievably rude and harsh and just nasty its sickening. i wouldnt want to be on here either. maybe if you all started spreading some positivity or frankly just shutting your mouth sometimes.... youd get more content/enthusiasm. these comment sections are nothing but her getting teared down... im sure it gets a little discouraging to upload!
#patatosurgen
This is some solid YouTube content right here.
Fake news\n\n\nWe still doing this?
Hank seen here wanting to take the venue apart and figure out how it works...\nclock curiosity is totally scalable !!\nYour style of fascination is absolutely unique and amazing.
god its good to have them back
hey coyote, you should try to catch a Asian giant hornet its one of the BIGGEST hornets ever, i wanna see if your up for the challenge
Leftism on display. Alphabet, Inc.'s agents make this trending. I'll pass.
These are all consecutive nights? I always thought that they were weekly gettogethers.
what even is this song  yo Sadie got that flo but these lyrics 
Savage!!!!!
And its not freedom of speech sorry you should be fined people lose there lives for that flag but I guess Barry anyone cares about the countless people that lose there lives for the flag
This song is awful! What happened?
Video should be called I sorta ate like Kourtney Kardashian for a week.
Looking for the old me? CHECK THE MORGUE That line was 

Wierd. I have very little experience with music and tones, but I got them all right first try, and to be honest I didn't find it difficult at all.
7 plus
BRAZIL  I don't care Jessie J  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
I love Donald Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She would get knocked tf out by that security guard then his life would be ruined even if she was the one that first hit
Ummmm what about the sip??  Mississippi reps you hard daily!!! I'm gonna need some love from down here
Play spec ops the line that shit does not trivialize war it's really fucked up.
Will there be a series about Creepypasta or The SCP Foundation next?
Watching just for being lazy
The Emojji Movie.\nEpisode done.
vosprung japanese technikk
It's amazing. Killer Whales are truly the apex predators of the sea, because they have no natural predators (not including humans). They are so intelligent, and are even more intelligent than our own dogs and even some apes. \n\nSad that we have to imprison them in asylums for our entertainment.
it looks so good. It kind of reminds me of Jaclyn
Who is the guy sitting on the toilet supposed to be?
@PeterSripol are you really going to fly this airplane yourself or is this one giant troll?
Hello everyone from 2017 I'm from 2036 and that park is now abandoned and apple is now dead because no one uses it anymore. We use pineapple. It's a lot cheaper but a lot crappier.
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED THE GUY FROM STRANGER THINGS
I love it all.. Im going to try this $300 challenge when I move to my next apartment. 
Smells like a democrat scheme to take our guns away just like the Virginia congressional softball practice shooting.
What was the point of all those layers if it was going to be covered up by a poncho and vest, hahaha! Just blew the budget!!
I want my mom to treat me like brie treats bride
When its Friday and you know that the lunch is pizza...
I love this channel so much!\nBig props to these guys dedication
Loved this video!! I could watch you three all day
uh no
??? 48 on trending? \nShould of known
Jesus H. Christ.  What is happening to the democratic party?
Maybe wait for the note 10
Just mirroring what most folks are saying here. The content, production and music on this video are exemplary! More of this please!!
He looks like an older, tanner, Harry Dean Stanton.
No s de donde me parece haber escuchado esto antes xdxd
Well... I guess this passed as entertainment.
Totally magic hair
Now this is what i call paid trending
NICK JONAS PLEASE MARRY ME
I got them all right but I work with the middle of sampled instruments all the time.
Make a jet powered go kart
Best girl is at it again. What does Felix say at 5:30?
Wow. If this is the. New actor or old he does a goood job
Muggel Robbie
What's your nail color you have on??
Seagal is a useless obese fraud. Anyone who goes to Russia and cozies up to murderous dictators like Putin and Kadyrov is going straight to Hell.
Better than 99% of rap song out there
how amazing that its 2 days later and you're already more than halfway to 400k. get it!
Awwwwwww Yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhhh
me and my boyfriend are being luke and lorelai
Wow, why is this a movie??? This looks horrible
Stephen and Jimmy! I just love those guys!
8,233 views and on trending? Jk this is a good song!!!
Colbert is a punk, and a scoundrel what a joke he is thinking that anyone who thinks for themselves would ever listen to this dribble.
CONTEXT! JIM, WE NEED MORE CONTEXT!

i'm dead 
But he will not cry cause society says men crying makes them weak
Im sorry i didnt ask you if u liked it bitch
Bleesed our president is! Rise n honor the men n women who serve n Especially 2 those who sacrificed ther lives 2 preserve our freedom. N make sports possible!
Really bad call being so dismissive of cryptocurrency. Please do some research, as countries across the world are adopting them as official currency now. Just because the market is volatile does not mean investing in them is even remotely close to gambling as you suggested in other comments. That little part of this video cost the channel being promoted a lot of potential subscribers. Crypto is changing the world and you're missing it, time to take the blinders off!
I'd rather not live longer in my fleshy body make me a cyborg so I can upload my conscience and awareness to a block and live forever without actually doing so
 this is comedy 
Cool
Id let her tattoo my toe just so she can touch me. ID ask if i could put my big toe in her mouth as well
JEREMY... La cancin est buensima! 
Tell them to make that same model out of whatever. With a break just exactly in the center of that specific one that was his favorite.
Mark looks so excited. I'm happy!
How does he laugh
Omg this whole collection.. wowww
More false fake propaganda from MSNBC
I feel the way u think man
U fitting brown perfect !!
I'm eating this all by myself Gordon........FUCK OFF!!!!!!!
I got the e-audiobook from the library on release day (still waiting for my pre-order to get here in the mail), and devoured it in one day. I cried twice. I loved so many aspects of this novel, but will leave it at that to keep the comments spoiler free.
This nigga took out his iPhone 3 and recorded his 20 tv and gets on trending.
I can''t stand the one size fits all concept. Its incredibly misleading and its encouraging to see influencers who also don't see the point of it!
JJ watt collected 31 million real dollars compared to your 14 million fake pledge dollars and he was at ground zero passing out food and water Hollywood calling the working man a racist and a nazi than begs him for money so hmmmm give u greedy fucktards money or jj watt i went with jj i encourage the rest of hard working Americans to do the same
2:39 - ;DD
posts a video about why you shouldnt buy the phone.. then at the end tells you he is going to buy it lmao
Thanks for sharing Jen. We had our daughters around the same time (Jessica was born on 4th July) and I relate so much to what you've said in your video. Well done to all the mamas out there, you're doing a fantastic job! xxx
With fishies and bubbles and turtles that bite 
Irrelevant
How is this racist? I honestly don't get it.
G & R is a legendary rock band. Best time of my life was when they were at their peak in the 90's.
Omfg this is amaysing! The music.video makes the song 100 000 000 times more astonishing. I want to download it on my google music but it isn't there anymore . Gabbbieeee! Do you know why??
i love how creative all your videos are its amazing!! also where do you get your wigs theyre stunning! 
Amazing. I can't stop crying. God bless you, Tom, we love you.
Be like Trump. Grab a woman by her Pussy. Show your Trump values. Tell some lies. Evangelicals for Trump. Amen!
Plz can I have an iPhone 8 
Not impressed at all, not the phone for me.\nAs i have the Mate 9, it's a downgrade in terms of screen real estate and battery, and yeah no headphone jack is a big no!
            ..    
Why did the other video get replaced by this one?
I live in the basement
I see Hollyn, I click!!!  God is doing great things through you, KEEP SHINING FOR GOD GIRL!!!
UM HI YES LOVE THIS CONTENT
ily colleen
Wow, what a great run. Great cr, great driver. For those complaining about it being an empty shell with a roll cage, yeah well that's still a sedan, and their point here isn't to break a record of a street legal car. I assume the goal was to break the record of a Sedan body car, at all costs. Hence the 600 ponies, nearly double that of a factory STi. I say job well done. Oh and to have Prodrive in the video brings back memories. Those glorious late nineties .. Subaru for life!! 
Stop it.
C A N C E R
this was a quick video, but so informative in more ways than one! thank you 
I can confirm that peanut butter is amazing on a burger with a fried egg. Especially if it's the nutty kind.
Good Lord, the PRODUCTION VALUE! It's almost as amazing as y'all's talent and skill!
Make a video about bearded dragon
More like Darius Fuddrucker
New York vs Moscow
Maybe...
Luke turns bad and its Kylo/Rey vs Luke and Snoke
This is the most beautiful thing Ive ever heard please make an album
madeleine. youre just so cute. can i be you
Sss como no.
Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria for president
Don't be bringing cucumbers to the theaters this time!! You know who you are, ya nasty
That was perfect.....the timing, the delivery. Everything.
Too late. Taxes ruined me.
Worse Norm show. This sucks
On trending? Dang, Finally making a appearance! This is probably my favorite new song of the album.
Love it
He's got more heart than Romo did..
This show was so good, I wish it had a second season
Jeff sessions is a little snark weasel
7 thousand views\nuploaded a year ago\nwhy is this #26 trending?

Please do a Tier list for Owls
This is why people hate the left. Because they have no sense of humor and they thrive on taking offense to everything. How in anyway is it sexist to say you love boobs? Oh no he's a male with a natural heterosexual sex drive. He must be a misogynist. You can tell how fake thier offense is. Has she ever stopped to think that it's probably not just a coinsidence that she's hot and on tv. Since when has it been a bad thing for someone to be attractive? This whole ideology of taking everything good about people and twisting it into a negative to bring everyone down to their level of insecurity is sickening and hypocritical to it's core
I like licorice
Shes so sweet, I love how youre so willing to learn 
Saw this song a few days ago and didnt realize it was Shania Twain. Cant tell you how excited I am. Twain is legend!
Trending
I LOVE YOU SSOSOSOSO MUCHHHH
GO PRO
I always feel bad for those great craftsmen...so much work and love went into this...those suits are at least on LOTR Level of detail and design...still...if the movie is crap....the movie is crap...well, at least they got payed for it i guess.
Woah woah woah... This is a science channel?? You CANT drink cactus water Bc in actuality cactus infused their water w a poisonous substance to protect it, anything that drinks it will get violently ill throwing up and w diarrhea. You will die of dehydration.
The kheils essence is fabulous, I use it as part of a ten step Korean routine
I want to be an actor
Love the contact lenses on you by the way I was staring staring until I read the comments I couldn't remember if you had brown eyes or colored eyes and I remember I watch you all the time but they look so good I kind of forgot
Useless video! You can't absorb energy by adding more to it, So obvious. Why do we even have a video for this.
This Shield is powerful than the old one........................like if you agree
Damn eugiene 
Yours is the best look so far I have seen with this line. Love the trophy wife. 
Stunning!
Oh shit this was posted an hour ago
Wasn't canelo showing off ?
Well Done Nile and GB Team Brilliant
Will who is this dude
I love Teyana SOOO much!!! UGH!!! Come on with this new MUSIC, PLEEAAASSSEE!!!?!?
wow.this song so good ever!!
The little noises during slo mo is super annoying
No no no, Amy Adams better not be in the sequel. She ruined Louis Lane but she better not ruin Beverley.
Say, Adele , your my bebe
lol these faggots paid to be on trending, the fuck is the point of this section anymore?
Evil Morty is now president of the new citadel (under reconstruction)
She's so bad, but wonder women sucked.

I love you Gabbie! This is a masterpiece!!!
do you mean flopness?
Behind The Sceneshttps://youtu.be/PRz_sF5byZc
I just realized red velvet cupcakes are chocolate mixed with red food coloring.   I'm mad.
The beginning u looked like lana del rey
Conans a damn Jew?
I'm sorry I thought this was in Los Angeles. how about you report on major things and then just mention this in other news.
Will the follow up feature a bunch of guys playing volleyball?
Wow. This looks really good.

I died a little bit inside when i realized that I watched all of her videos and now I feel like there is nothing that I can do to entertain myself with... (Except going through the list again and again)
I would like one.... but I also don't have $200 for this
I love the music in this video XD
LOVE how creative this look is!!!! <3
lol @ the bots and the paid shills in the comments pretending like they genuinely enjoyed this GARBAGE video. Absolutely disgusting.
Not only stunningly beautiful and talented but fucking hilarious too 
This is trending but iDubbbz isnt.
     
This is not Russia vs America... This humanity vs extinction  ... We are all brothers and sisters... Indian guy here going I could be a part of space x some day... :D
I heard a rumor. Not sure if it's true.\nDoesn't matter. Just spew it.\n\n
Kurt is amazing as always\nBut why does the girl look green?
Love you guys!
litt video kd
Gwen stefani 
nise supersell nise
So many awesome tips asapscience!!! thank you for this <3
Shame it was so scripted as made the 'jokes' appear forced and therefore I kept getting distracted by it instead of being able to focus on the points you were making.
Yeah
like them experimenting with each video,it's cool!
I have been telling people for years that racism in the Gay white community is worse than in the general population. This is true mostly because those Gay whites like this gueen seek exceptance and approval and struggle to integrate into their general white populace. So they use racism as the common ground to achieve this. Black people are guilty of the same. They rally against homosexuals in order to establish a common ground with the white population, also. Just as hypocritical. Further, I am not swayed in the least bit that he is married to the BIG BLACK D***, his male servant. He is a racist and his servant is just to ignorant to know any better.
Is Ally's lipstick annoying anyone? Her lips are red with a strip of pink...... Or am I the weirdo?
soy un pededor?
#Respect
you're sweet and a natural beauty
AMBER WITH ASIA OMYGOD MY FAVES???
Bebe is so underrated
They.! 
idk how to feel... lol
For some reason this reminds me of Hellboy
86 subs but trending I got 91! Oof
So awesome 
I like 1 & 2 and I know you love decorating but you should let Mr. Kate come and decorate one room. Cause that's cool. BUT WHAT DOES MOOSIE LIKE?!?!
So are we gonna blame her for his crimes now? Right? FUCK YOU AMERICA, FUCK YOU, You are a shitty country.
Alright! I'm going to google How to make Slime b/c this is too cool to miss out on.
Great song i like it 
The new Star Wars is looking great!
JEWtube is at it again
Great review, thank you 
Given so many possible causes of birth defects, it's a miracle whenever a non-impeded (non-)human animal is born. And yet, enough healthy ones are born, I guess, otherwise the populations just wouldn't survive. How strange.
I have boobs and I look sexy, that makes me an expert at comedy! The only reason why she has views is all those pre teens going through puberty need something to wank off to. Im glad there was an ad on this video before it started because I would of had to neck myself if I actually had to watch this garbage.
TRL-Struggling to be relevant and promote a bs be yourself in an industry that makes robots and sex icons ideal. Should have stayed dead. Take pop music with you on the way out!
6:05 Fertilizer!
Should have picked Jimmy Kimmel or another actually good host
Outstanding work guys :) This was awesome
As someone who loves the reptile industry, I have witnessed numerous snakes that have also dealt with Cyclopia.
anyone know the name of the piano song at the start?
Good to hear the whole version! It came out amazing!!! I wish I could've participated, but maybe next time~
https://youtu.be/c1_4SNLT2sk. No sei se te enterea Voce se lembra desse video ?
Rooter.... You mean ROUTER.
Sean can say 'got'cha' to all the people who claim it's not that hot all he wants, but having watched these episodes, it's clear people don't struggle with it, at least not as much as previous ones, especially Mad Dog 357.At some point the proof is the pudding, can't argue with results etc.
U nappy you happy LMAO
you are beautiful and wonderful.
Jenna you should be on a comedy sit com! I nearly died laughing when I saw the vacuum come out and the expression on your face.! LOVED the video!!! All 3 of you kept me laughing!!!
no goldberg but the undertaker  is in the list does it mean he is returning...
Fantastic as usual, thank you Jon.
I cannot wait to see how you sized up your white tweed suit shorts, will that be coming soon! Xx
You should make a cake it to the minute t.-shirt
This foundation is not good for your skin. Check out the ingredients. Love the look though. Stay away from the foundation.
Joey is a playrrr
And check my cooking channel <Juns kitchen>, where a demonstrate to you how to correctly sharpen a shitty knife into a master piece. \nThat gives more publicity!
Nothing eats ass like my mouth.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
I guess we don't need the wall, after all!
LeBron king of flopping.
Where is arizona at though
If he was in better shape he would be able to fool better
Hmmm Write an article about Malta. Become famous and sleep and eat for free. Seems legit!!
I thought he was gonna dump his kid.
I cringed intensely when that big rig crushed that Duster
I have been so stressed about losing power and had a hard time finding how we would eat if we do. Of course we have canned foods and bread but I didn't know how to make full meals with what we have. Thank you for this video and your thoughtfulness. Much love from Florida.
great they just doubled the chances for car bombers over there...  now we're gonna start seeing twice as many attacks on tv....
BEN FREAKING PLATT!!!! \nAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! ,   I can't wait
idiots if they do not want to not be in force instead of us who damage but idiots jin that damage ...  Brffffttt
i think christine meant snatched
Pumpkin spiced Trader Joe's
The album is falling short. I still think Breakaway was her best album. My favorite song was Behind These Hazel Eyes.
You should make more colour changing food!!!
Kisses from Poland :* :*
Why is this guy such a cancer to society.\nOff to Gulag with him
SO. JUICY. Love it, boys.
I like the idea, but those puppies seem stressfull
I always wondered why that was so shitty!
theyre 7 tall AHAHAHAHAHA
Super cool video. Nice music.
It sounds like the prison design by Bentham (I think it was him) which was actually built in Italy on an island, IIRC. A couple of guards in the tower in the centre with all of the cells facing it. The tower had louvre slats so none of the prisoners could see who was being watched at any one time. He felt that this was one of those ideas which had the better set up for all - there was a yard for exercise, still being watched as the yard surrounded the tower. He felt it was a good design for other situations, like 'mad houses' and other reasons I can't remember off hand. He was rather barmy though. :-)
I honeymooned in Maui and I loved the Road to Hana! The 3 Falls are hard to get to and the water was WAY too cold for me lol.
Die your hair blue pls 
Luckily more sauce is coming in December.
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
https://soundcloud.com/theofficialpeso/boy-bye
Fuck bron bron, fucked up my nigga Hayward with no regard. \n\nDeadass left the murder scene like nothing happened.
I only eat with a fork.......
#YAIYpoint the point is that there is no point and in a few billion years the earth will be engulfed by the sun, and eventually the entire universe will become completely dark due to all the stars dying. But for now, all we got is a fedora... mlady.
This is absolutely amazing, congratulations to you and the patrons!
What kinda cheap ass dollar store candy corn did you get this? What the legitimate heck is this video 
This production quality is genuinely unbelievable
I don't know why, probably because of memes and stuff but I died when he yelled allahu akbar
But when I was laying there not long after the first couple of shots were fired I could hear a different caliber weapon, and that told me that they had immediately engaged the shooter, and let me tell you if they didn't act so quickly, and even after being shot both themselves, continued to engage the shooter and ultimately got him down which not only saved my life but saved the life of a lot of other people in this chamber today  Steve Scalise\n\n    If anything that this shooting has proven! It is that it takes an immediate armed response to prevent loss of life.

0:00 Fuck i love the Song. 
Can you make a videos about exhaust brake
perfect
i would probably wear this one to a party. Bitch you're pregnant you aint going to no parties anytime soon.
The problem with freezes is that the stolen data is exactly the data needed to unfreeze!
MORE FRED!!!!! LOL that was super hilarious hahahahaha
College humor is crap, always has been always will be.
What..?
Ayyy Fergie 
Fuck you, stop making me hungry. I cant handle the tasty looking food
They didnt even give her real goalie skates smh lol
cami was so ignored, I felt so bad
Literally I just made everyone in the coffee shop shut up so I could listen to this
I wanna buy smashed stuff
If you are a muslim , it's named khasf a sympton of the day of jugement
I'm hesitant, especially with all this star cards battle points parts nonsense, my microtransaction senses are tingling. \n\nThey're using the name, they've got even bigger shoes to fill.
You are not Native American LMAO . You're black be proud of that. That's like when white people say they're Native American when they look straight from Britain lmao
why is there an a helicopter taking off next to an interview.
Rachel dressed in business clothes will forever be engraved into my memory as the most beautiful sight of my life. It's going to be the last thing to flash through my life memories before I pass away from old age. Bless.
People online are out of hand nowadays. I'm so put off from this brand now because some of these people that got offended over nothing. I stated on an Instagram page that they didn't have my perfect shade and people started coming at me saying that I was a liar, I was just mad that a black woman was successful and I was trying to undermine Rihanna, along with a bunch of other comments. Now I don't even want to try anything else from this brand because every time I see it, I get so irritated thinking about the way people were acting lol
What's the name of the first song
Reach Records is getting better and better. just blessing after blessing.
WHAT THE FUCK IM FREAKING OUT I CANT WAIT AAAAHHHH
What is the stuff on taika's back when they were trying to clean him
Before 1 million
Remember when Colbert was funny? Yeah me either
Since john has the sword, doesnt it make him head of the mormont house and why didnt he present it to lady mormont when he first met her?
He was found not guilty of murder so they gave him all that time for taking back what was stolen from him. American  justice is bullshit. At least he's out .
I got most answer correct I guess i know you more then them. lol next time invite me play
Why isn't this a movie?
Loved this vid! Next time try using spirit gum as it will not only glue the wig to you but if you put it on the lace, put tights on your finger and dab firmly onto the lace it will also diminish the appearance of lace and will blend into the skin! (Reason for the tights is that the glue wont stick to your finger and it doesnt stick to tights very well) hope this helps!
Ha ha perfect timing
Amazing!!
Awwwwwwwww doggies :3
http://MyJobisFirst.com/?refcode=16264
OMG EDGAR N THE SOCKKKKK
I didnt realize KB does boxing. Love him even more!
In 5:44 you can see his eye do a weird thing but it is funny
0:53 Martin Garrix?
Amen
#Aionoarmy
I can't be the only one who'd actually watch Crime Scene Idiot.
I can't stop thinking about how cold that chicken is getting....
Four hundo I'm dying XD
I wanna play shadow of war so bad
prediction, there is no mention of lootboxes, micro transactions, or how the true ending is locked behind tons of grinding that can be conveniently skipped by buying lootboxes.\nin a $60 single player game\nprediction affirmed.
Yes! I love Caitlin Doughty! Everyone should check out Ask A Mortician on YouTube!
does toxins also include drawing on yourself with a pen?
Wonderful ! Thank you very much !
imagine how cool it would to be this guys friend. \n\nFriend: you got any hobbies?\nMike : umm yeah...
Leftism = Sexual Deviants
National Furry Pride #Yiayholiday
Oh look white women and something pumpkin spice. I didn't see that one coming.
Who are the kids, too\n
im blind and this isn't accurate
Brilliant x
Went on too long for something really not funny.
Posted this video on my birthday.\nLove you Patricia!!!!!!
Why are they still making these movies?
Wengie won all!!!!!!!!    ()
Ok. Dave is a Cosmonaut (the flag in the chest), but the suit is american and the ship is Gemini (american too). Is a metafhor ? He is a worker, and the suit and ship would be the an analogy for  exploration?
It's said that the ideal arrangement is a blind woman with a deaf man. Playa had it half right. Done messed up.
YES ADORABLE LITTLE BEANS DO YA THANG! Incredible like always! I knew the ending was coming but I mean ahhhh........ Their next video better be their engagement video I swear to god.
wouaaaw
Nyc song
Do next: Everything wrong with Transformers: The last knight
God damn what happened to Tina Fey?
Why couldn't you glue the hair right on the insulation?
Love Musica
Only here for X
I freaking love these videos
If you are not hypnotized by the awesome graphics, skip to the reason, somewhere around 3:22.
Do I need a circumcision to get inside her?
soy un pededor?
2:15 What do you think humans are, if not animals?\n\nDo you think we are some magical accumulation of fairy dust and sunshine?\n\nBad news, buddy - we are carbon based apes who share the vast majority of our biology with the vast majority of the _other_ animals.
Wasn't this guy meant to be fat?
Every single American who thinks guns are a right must be castrated. Dumb fucks.
Isn't thanksgiving in November?
Omg Ariana Grande HAHAHA
I love Allisons shirt!
Awe Colleen you are so cute! I am extremely proud of you for making a season 2 and videos that always make me happy ;) thank you for being you!!!
  
I like your nose
His jacket says Fear of God and is black with white stripes\nIn Still Got Time, Zayn's shirt says the same and is the same\n\nOne Direction
Who is that nameless tux dude in a bunch of these rtaa
That paper wrapping gave me asmr
Great track!!! I hope you come to Poland someday :)
Jeremy Lin appreciates the black culture, unlike the Kardashians, Miley Cyrus, and Justin Bieber.
Your forgetting the UK colonized them peacefully.
awesome video... best look i've seen yet this year
Who think it will be a Hit ? On every radio in less than one week ! Trap Beats on my YouTube channel ! Send me some love !
Go back to Africa Trevor they need you over there. Mass genocide in south Africa quick get over there. You are not even an American.
Purpleeeeeee, haha they are purple. Dogman is the man, you two are the best. Hope you guys are this and even more happy for the rest of your life!!!
Another one
The Zen levels are stronger with the dog
Elon Musk next! Do him do him!
This makes me wonder if anyone has made a croudsourced Geiger counter network that we could link the esp onto. Maybe someone will. I'm sure it'd be useful for science of some sort.
This is a true story! \nMe: Oh dont mind me, just taking a walk in my YOOZOOS \nFriend: The wut? \nMe: Ugh girl u gotta get youeself a pair of YOOZOOS *flips hair*
Whoopi probably gave him a little favor backstage if you know what I mean 
Why didnt he do the broncos and charger game on Monday night would been way better
You are back to normal with your speach!!!
Jon snow just died
Meitner wasn't awarded anything special, given the time frame, because she was female. We can't forget that back in those days women were not on an equal playing field as their male counter parts. It's also the reason sure had to use the other door. You not be seen by others who would have ridiculed and criticized the fact a woman was doing a man's job. It was believed, in that time, that women couldn't comprehend such logical and complex things. Other than that this was a great episode and I love watching sci-show.  Keep it coming sci-show.
nice tshirt and kitchen
is this natalie portman
I see why you'd want to learn that style, shit sounds wicked
WHY ISNT LINSDAY ON THIS????!!!!!?????
Love your honesty that's why I watch you and I love you and you are my drugstore go to
not as a buzzword but as a piece of maths\nTHANK YOU
You totally missed the point my man. The fact is that you can get them and turn a firearm fully automatic. Saying it isnt accurate is not an argument which you said so yourself! So whats the point of the video?
Would love to see a cover of Post Malone's Rockstar
Dear ryan, pls make a Destiel parody.
Aaaaah 
My heart goes out to those in Vegas
gorgeous as heck wowww<3
Let's hope it will not become another disaster...
Shane should be really badly pranked with holograms and flashes and try convince him ghosts and stuff are real but then at the end he gets told it was a prank and see his reaction.
CHARLIE BLESS YOUR FACE
Why does he look like that
love it! love youuu
mada mada
What clowns disliked this video?
Any musical instrument!
David Bowie would be very satisfied with this fucking great stuff.
How dare i eva complain... im blessed....
Say Damn it Jim!! I'm a doctor, not a voice actor!
What the hell is a dolan twin? I legitimately thought it was a combo name for Dylan and cole Sprouse. God I'm officially old
for halloween im gonna be unemployed
No
I fucken love you Liza!!!! You're hilarious 
LOVE IT!
Whats everyones deal with a headphone jack ????
taste better...?
Whats the difference between the Mexican Wave and the Wave? is it because you are a Mexican? I dont call the wave the american wave when I do it. You need to stop using labels bro.
Goth FTW
I f w/ Mexicans. They lit and they got a similar culture to Serbian in some aspects.
187 187 hut hut yeeet
Please stop saying Stuckmanized. Please...
This documentary must be recommended as therapeutic and inspirational for the people going through\nthe state of severe depression and anxiety. Almost every human being experiences recurrent\nphases of depression and anxiety throughout the life from mild to life threatening!
Zac emotionless af
Great vid Nerdwriter!
NFaiLure
You're trending!!! You go girl!
simply they told us all the story
Love thisssss! I always wait till you upload new videos!!!!!
1.2 M views in a day....
You sir are condescending to the American public. You say that you have never been to a country where people are afraid to talk about guns. It's not that we are afraid yo talk about it. It's that gun control time and again has nothing to do with it. This heinous and horrid individual had a number of lethal guns, but did he obtain them legally? Now you may discuss gun show loopholes or how he passed background checks, but the fact of the matter is that you and other mainstream media talking heads want to keep forcing your agendas down the throats of the American public. Why isn't anyone talking about his money sent to the Philippines? Why isn't anyone talking about his wife who refuses to comment? Why isn't anyone talking about the women who told concert goers they were going to die? America has an ideological mental illness problem not a gun problem. Cocaine is illegal. Are they ways to get cocaine? Of course. For the sake of the greiving families and Americans who want to know the truth about Paddocks motive and what the media is covering up, I implore you to not be condescending on this issue and to not be a mouthpiece for leftist propaganda.
Make a giant pissbery pizza pop
Your eye make-up is phenomenal today! I haven't watched the whole video, so i don't know if there is a tutorial. If there's not, please do one. Gorgeous!
2 homosexuals who cant have trying to rationalize why not having kids is a good thing and tryign to destroy tradional marriage.
Sounds so good!!!!!
I heard, people died, when the Soviet Union collapsed and the first McDonalds in Russia opened.
I wish you uploaded more regularly  i love watching your videos
How does it feel on your face ?
Can u suck venom out of your skin?
Jack? Never heard of him.
Fun fact: FLORIDA IS A MYTH! :O
She didn't invite him in?! If Conan came to my door I would invite everyone I know over and throw a party while i live stream it. If only 
MIS AMORES BTS,LOS AMO A TODOS
Can you plz do conolies.
Tons of wind turbines all over world,why is Bezos getting the publicity for it
Waoew!
Victim, which is fashionable to be lately Fantastic! I love that you have such wonderful little lines within your videos!
yes i love u guys for doing big little lies and all of the vids i saw SO COOOOLL !!!!!!!!!
I'd recommend using the tatcha mist when your going for a dewy look and not a matte look like you did here in this tutorial
Get a real job
iisuperwoman make one about how you friends dress up for boys
You have gorgeous hair.  I love your videos.  You are such a breathe of fresh air.  I love your frankness, and how honest you are.  :0)
Pure explosion porn
Angels is better than this
I'm not fond to the Tex-Mex music, my heritage is South American, but also I am the only Hispanic at my office and seeing the Selena doodle on every screen at work filled me up with so much pride, them I played the song and I teared up. Lol
 wheres the old Colin
fuck you
Omgosh this is so true Apple sucks
Could this be made with lower fat milk and still be good?
That's why I listen to Bosnian war songs
It's kinda weird I was really sad when he stopped the daily vlog but ever since he came back he lost his charm. Doing it to promote his wife's buisness. Just not the same anymore
i love u so much!! ive been watching you ever since you posted the diy marble floor video. i've watched you grow and grow and i'm so happy for you. i remember telling myself that you're gonna hit 1 million really soon and you're gonna be so successful and look at you!!!! i love you <3
When she said apples I WAS ROLLIN!!
Yay yay yay somebody shoot ME, boy can I dig it.
If you look close enough, you could almost see his soul leaving his body  #GoBed
I love Maggie's ring!
When you get on trending
White walkers don't actually eat meat they just kill you with weapons and make you a member of the army of the dead. What she meant I think was walkers from 'The walking dead' not white walkers from GOT
I love the fact that she has such a strong bond to her family
I would want to ser Scott more in front and not so much backup. Love their music.
Did anybody here know what the end song call ?! love you lele pons
Mother nature is pissed this year....u don't think global warming is real then be prepared for thing to just get worst and more frequent.
that girl should be fired. her constant staring at the camera with her look of superiority and judgement is so distracting and meaningless to anyone but herself. WE DON'T CARE YOU DON'T APPROVE OF HIM AND HIS WORDS.
You mean auto not manual lol
Love you the way U r
 jtbc   !!!  !!
Look kids there goes that nutty man that lives next door.
When will you do fan mail opening videos again?
Ryan Leslie loved this girl and she broke his heart to be with a man that barley even claims her. Smh
I remember some of my kittens before they got nurtured, tried to make babies...they were siblings.
Yeeeeee boiiiiiiiiiii
Does the long nosed snake bite and I dont mean venomous I just mean does it bite and what does it eat 
Why is his channel so unrated,  This man deserves  at least 5 million subscribers
DC, DCU, DCEU just make good movies and PAY those writers, they are more essential than CGI.
Where can i get pinnaple
Simon, I thought you knew better. If a cat swallows a string it could kill them. You should have said to be sure to put all string toys away when you are not there to play with your cat to make sure they are safe.
Megyn Kelly is an A-hole! I will NOT watch her show!
Is that dan or a tomato?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nScientists cant tell. 
I looks delicious Laura, I love soups so Ill definitely try this one
it sounded good when he was yelling
Beautiful
Why did I know it was gonna be Final Fantasy before I even clicked on the video 
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
It's obvious this is Trumps fault.
i don't know rick it seems fake
omg ur going 2 b n boo2! but y is u and innanha i forgot how 2 spell her name but y isnt lele pons n it like dk4l is  n it
She's not trying to sing this song as a power ballad lol the high notes are supposed to sound like this.
I would probably KMS as soon as iv'e done whatever I have always wanted to do, so I guess live till 60? Maybe a little longer, sharing what iv'e learnt/entertaining people until i'm ready.
Globlal warming is fake! 
It would turn into fant4stic dvd if its gonna hunt me.
Vikings
man..engaged..?! how old is SHE..?? she legal for that already..? man..how time flies...feel so old...
It's not like I watch this garbage... It just keeps getting trended by the very bipartisan Youtube...
I am disappointed Tom Scott neglected to explicitly mention a pregnant point: governments that control their own currency can inflate their way out of debt. That is not financial minutia. It is a power that many in governments in Lisbon, Madrid, Dublin, and Athens likely miss dearly.
Congrats on 300k your hair is poppin 
Are those ants on the plate?
Wow!!!! $300 

I love her :)
Sick video check out my vlog https://youtu.be/MmYKSZv3pzg
Suang Wouuuu
I wish I knew how to dress nice. And look good in it.
This is super impressive!
Wait, how is this trending? 
Great Work! The Music Style fits well with The body and Design of the character...which makes it Even BETTER!
His voice is perfection. Completely amazing.
Melo is the better player atm BUT Dwade is a better fit than Melo would've been with the cavs... cuz melo ain't got no defence
love you  ranz niana
What about Black Mamba 6 Get Bitten Hot Sauce bro?
I LOVE the lighting here!! I am so tired of overly bright videos that everyone else does. xx :)
Anyone have ideas on what to wear for shoes and pants
I NEED ONE PLZ ALEX
I wanna donkey fuck Lea Michele...
Yeeeeeees.
Son of va
INVITE SNOOP DOG!!!!
love this!!
Omggggggggggggg we both have the same birthdate
dammit logan
Meanwhile in Europe...
me encanta
For something great
Casey what watch are you wearing?
You just blew my mind with your age! You are so mature. I thought you would be older then me. I'm 24 and  don't have my life together at all!
2:40 top 10 anime deaths
That poor QB on the Bears...kept getting clabbered
Wrong guy to play John Gotti
I get that every waking moment is a opportunity to bash trump, but Sen Cassidy has provided care for uninsured patients in Louisianas charity hospital system for decades. That's the type of job you take when you want to put other people before yourself. Us 25 year olds don't even participate in the system, we'd rather opt out of O'Care, pay the fee, and be uninsured.\nYet a talk show host feels he can call Sen Cassidy out for lying when he sparknoted the details of the bill from CNN
Marzia looks healthy; that makes me so happy :')
Man fuck eminem hypocritical ass bitch
Cue the Pregnant Kylie Jenner Halloween costumes
Die
This is rlly good
JL your tie ain't straight. Dope song though :p Follow me for straight tie music videos :p
God bless these families,I pray for you all. God be with you.
I got hit by Hurricane Irma too, but it wasn't as bad as this.\nI am so sorry for all the Cubans.\nPrayers to all, including the ones who didn't make it. 
Nicest WENDY has ever been to any interviewee lol
DESI'S HALLOWEEN LOOKS ARE THE BEST
I hope Kim Jong-Un (and CNN) get wiped off the face of the Earthl
Defiantly
I love your open and honest opinions and genuine videos but so sorry to be negative but the lighting is a bit bright in this video. Can't wait to see your new videos and so happy for you!
moosies
That looks really delicious yum!
Can I watch this without seeing the first?
What's so creepy about this is that we are already information storage devices. Only a small percentage of the information stored in our DNA is needed for us to reproduce and develop. Scientists have no idea what the other 90+ percent of the data is for. \n\nIf you were an alien race that visited earth hundreds of thousands of years ago... how would YOU have stored data here? \n\nBy mixing some DNA into the local apes...?
Why ita not available in iphone :(((
https://youtu.be/NGhCsGOOopo
I lOVE YOU SO MUCH TAYLOR
Let me guess... it's not in the box lol
UWAGA UWAGA jest tu Polska? Sierota hahahabbaabahha
The american health care system is disgusting. How can you suck money out of dying people. If you don't have the money will they just let you die in from of the hospital or what ?
Dope Song!! 
 I like how in the corner of her lip there's some chocolate 
I like all these videos are with woman's Tinder profiles because if a dude sent any of those messages to a woman, she would block him in 2 seconds.
Who would dislike this?
Iam dead with the dance ADN,so talent and creativity. Love you bae. So well done. The music is best which I can listent to all of ma time
wowwww
How much i need money (10 000$)
10 days later  I set up an elaborate social experiment to show the faults of our society  - the girl in the video
Wait yo we're trending? That's cool. That doesn't normally happen, right?
The wizz palace.
It is Sucks That I Can't Watch This Show, Because it's not available in my Region
If I wanted to watch dumb spics grow drugs and murder people I'd move to Mexico.
This reality show stuff is sad in a way.
I forgot how cancerous buzzfeed was
I think this is a symbol to show that maybe well start to see Carl turn in to rick
I love this show but I don't have cable!!!! Only Netflix  now I can't watch season 2
Great song i like it 
hahhaha you fool...ass hole ...there is nothing new
look at that XD
The blue shirt girl... That is a textbook definition of a stereotypical Lib
Capricorns and Virgos are actually fast friends & are a very compatible.
This is...new to say the least
As soon as the trailer started I said to myself This has a ver Pan's Labyrinth feel to it....and I was exactly right. Can't wait!
She forgot Ava's name? Come on Wendy.... come on.
Texas underground artist, trying to better myself and get my family out of the streets, help me get heard, share, follow, repost, thanks  https://soundcloud.com/legit-tim \nhttp://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/artist/2950553
Wow thank you for all of the wisdom!!!!!!! Love you <3
Addydaas//ahdeedas
<3
Woooo! Jessi is #48 on trending congrats
I FREAKING READ THIS BOOK IN THIRD GRADE
Lies have consequences lady.
1:06 I'm pretty sure that's Glasgow, Scotlands Toryglen facility guys 
sub to... them
Did the eye shadows bother your eyes at all? Just  wondering cuz I've seen a few people say that the smell irritated their eyes
No like, yes dis like
Do a period hack or a draw my life Video next week
Can you do a video on how to do just the undereyes concealer.I have seen so many of your videos an when it get to concealer it go so fast that I simply can't stay focus on just that one thing.thank you
I tuned in today. But......
Your tax dollars at work.
Dinah looks like Beyonce
Hay dios mio fifth harmony legends 
Awwww.......I give this marriage 8 years.
https://youtu.be/fOuaLT04h2A , make Lord Beeris burger. Please!!!!!!..... make a anime corner once a month. Food based on or favorites from anime.
Featuring Jameis Winston
Why don't we make alphago Vs alphago and see what happens
I would like to see some fall recipes soon. Love your videos! 
Louis' voice is my favorite 
#CHEESEBUTTERSALTANDBACONSBITS #ORIGINALSON #THESESHASHTAGSAREBOTHLONGANDKINDAANNOYING
Omg Timothee looks so hot when he is smoking and watching Armie dancing with a smile!!!!!
Now Disney will get rich off Mexican culture
Hell yeah, live in Anderson. Crazy to see us in a video even if it's brief.
Why the fuck aren't some of the pos CEOs in jail over this shit? Come the fuck on seriously they sold stock before releasing the info to the public. The two biggest scams in America right now are credit and insurance. But i honestly don't give a fuck. My credit is shot anyway. Funny how according to my credit I'm a shit bag not worthy of a home loan even though I've been paying rent for 27 fucking years!!!!!!!
i,m hart aplle
Hello everybody want to get free stuff download Verydice and start rolling use my code 1177158
Here's what we should do: Anyone who is opposed to kneeling during the national Anthem should stand in front of the house of someone who is in favor of it, with an American flag. I guarantee that the people who are in favor of this peaceful protest would be annoyed and yell at those standing in front of their house. \n\nThis has NOTHING to do with social justice because none of them were doing it when Kapernick was. I fucking hate these rich pricks who whine about shit, but have NO solutions. \n\nThese players are only salty because they have been arrested for assault, domestic violence, drugs, and other crimes. Justice means you are punished when you commit a crime, not that you can do whatever you want if you are a celebrity.
Hey look, it's Gordon Walker. 
I want to make a movement, it's going to be called suckthedick movement. Were accepting female applications only.
Your hair is looking so nice!
I was working in a small restaurant back in 2012 in Hollywood,CA. I was the cook at the time and it was close to Closing time and a couple walked in. I didn't pay much attention at who it was since i was ready to go home. I did the order and walk to hand the food. As i was handing the food i looked up at it was fucking Ryan Gosling! \nI acted cool as if i didn't know who he was lol\nOne of my best memories work in a restaurant.
This new puppet is cool but I still like manu
YYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
this is a great song!! stop saying it's not as good as his r&b days, he's not fully making dance music, there is still a lot of r&b on his album following my intuition 
Love.  It.  
School of Life, thank you for using proper grammar.
Loooooove it!!!!  Now I need to look into lipsense. Seriously, even the all day lipsticks don't work for me. . You look lovely!!!
How come you're not obsessed
https://youtu.be/_L1qiQ97dJk   fergie lovers
I don't like the US American side lol a few hours later I would look all cakey  and looking older.. Not fun.. America is a continent not a country ladies..
fuck you all and that cat of yours! you morons deserve capital punishment for posting a cat video! fuckin idiots!
Globlal warming is fake! 
So uh,  we some kinda... Blade Runner 2049?
A LIGHT SWITH
the first 17 seconds are the best. tbh thats all im gonna watch cause i dont want this stupid video to be ruined for me. would recommend
I am so glad there's still people that helps these poor babies thank you rescues.for helping them God bless you
NICE SONG
i love Sarah Gadon. she's like my second Khalesee
Dear Lord in Heavens. You make me believe in afterlife
You are so much prettier without the heavy eyeliner!
Learn to Bunny-Hop a bicycle \nLike if u agree :)
this video was nearly 50% ad, do not go down that road please
I enjoy new pennywises look better tbh
This is my favorite of your books!
Ofc my swedish royal family believes in ghosts <3
Thanks for sharing!
Can she be asked to submit to a lie detector test?
Was she using an iphone x (iPhone 8)
Trying to study Pharmacology and end here... XD \nLove you Nile!
She would get knocked tf out by that security guard then his life would be ruined even if she was the one that first hit
Is it just me who read the original Archie comics? Or no
This is deep and dark
Its freaky how we see her as this goofy, loving, and gentle person behind the scenes but once they start recording shes this badass professional queen. The switch up 
Just another dumbass zombie that has no respect for the Fallen
Hey,\nI am so poor I have to make advertising\nMaybe you can give us a feedback on our videos?\nThey are a bit bloody :'D
help me reach 100 subscribers please and thanks!
My last name is Cornetta. It's Italian for cornet the instrument similar to a trumpet.
Kylie is changing the world. One face at a time. God bless you Kylie for your kind heart. You are Genuine 
At all times I expected this to turn sour and be a troll video. Rip my expectations for humanity ,  Congrats on the marriage !
Very nice!!
I stay on my phone when I'm bored then they mobile is invented to make me unbored in home if that's a word 
Very cool. Pumpkin spice is taking over the world! I just ate pumpkin spice pasta.
Hope you don't drop it..
Celebrate black love by cherishing the one who stands by you with these custom t-shirt and hoodies.\nteespring.com/celebrate-black-love\nteespring.com/get-celebrate-black-love
Ohhhhhhh boy. Oooooooo weeeeee
Yorgos Lanthimos is already a legend to me
Good for video too?
*SE VE LA BANDERA DE MILLONARIOS **1:53**. AGUANTE MILLONARIOS!!!*
Cough*Zelda BotW*cough
So spineless!!!!
Take it there.. live your life... dont let anyone stop you!!!! Jonye
Who is here before 100M
she always be on some real shit thou
Eventually everyone will follow apple but apple gets most number of haters as they are the best. Look at price fucking hell. 399$ for a fucked up home device. 999$ for a less powerful tab than iPad pro. AirPods are way better than that piece of shit
Can it Cut Trough Your nose ?
Super cute :)
I know this shit probably lame asf but can you guys check out me and my nigga freestyle tape. I just want some constructive criticism for the next one. Thanks to everyone who checks it out https://soundcloud.com/kwilksp/sets/19-ep
You are so adorable and lovely!!!! 
holy shiiiiiiiiiiiit
holy crap they are cute
The answer is he's sociopath and narcissistic moron and his undeserved confidence wins over his base because they aren't intelligent enough to see through the act.  Their stupidity is taking the country down and he's benefiting from them while making them believe he gives 2 shits about them.
Ugh i h8 these ppl
Yas my childhood!!!!
I did not expect the Peter. Well done.
LOVE THIS SONG
Trying too hard makes you look bad.
But I have a Penis and I can use it to plug Pussy holes. So im awesome.
Selena not your BF anymore?
Gorgeous!! 
Will there be a audio book version so I can hear your smooth voice while trying out the recipes?
WE LOVE YOU IN CANADA STEPHEN!  Your show is one of the highlights of my day ... keep it up!  You are awesome!
A clone is like a twin, seperate personality...\nRobots can not be conscious, they do not have cells...
She's not that attractive to me at all..
HAHAHA THE DANCEEEE
what. lip. gloss. is. THAT???????? I NEEDA COP IT NIKKIE DONT PLAY ME LIKE THIS 
Ummmmm guys...I am low key so confused right now hahahahahahahahahahah
Amen
You are amazing
Lele u should do vlogs like Logan plz plz plz
Chef John is the only person in existence I cannot imagine being mean to.
Yet another amazing song by Darius Rucker, this album will be amazing. Darius Rucker is now officially my favorite country musician
WOAHHH
Ummm impeachment GOLD
When he said its like a babies thigh I lost it lmaoooo
I'd be puking too if I was watching my team suck balls
This is brilliant! Thank you Ted Ed!
He can eat ahhh potato man
I watched one video. This is my first andni subscribed instantly
Enjoyed that reference to Better Call Saul Roth!
Uh watch out lil bitch @0:39
cool..ya coulda made this video about a minute and a half shorter tho just sayin
Matthias, let's jam!
They should have went with the black one.
Or you could get a table...
, I've been using those erasable pens for a long time in my planner. The ink will fade in the heat no matter what paper you use. You can Google it and read the reviews it's one of the biggest complaints about the pain. If you leave a notebook with that pen in a hot car, you could likely kiss your notes goodbye.\nAlso, the pen will stop working way before it runs out of ink. It's happened with every single one I've ever used. Again you can check the online reviews. The ball gets jammed up and stops writing when you still have about 90% of the ink in the pen.
Her voice is unreal!!! 
This is one of my favorite episodes you guys have done. LOL
12.5% isn't that unlikely.

8 people gave this a thumbs down.  Really?  8 people?  Did these people confuse thumbs down for being freaking awesome?  This performance is amazing.  Definitely in the top 10 of her performances.  The production of this is just phenomenal.  How she doesn't win all of the Grammy's is beyond me.
Cardi I love you but dis kodak verse is like *no baby what is you doing*
#40 ON TRENDING 
I don't watch cracked. But who is this girl? She looks so cute!! She is grade A wife material!
Hey  mate ! surface I guess  really  badass$ work#morning  ..
people still play this?
      ...
The Dutchess has returned. 
Brasil :)
All the responses say Thor is a fun fun comedy hilarious fun comedy - nothing about depth or serious film - everything it shouldn't be - Ragnarok is the end of Asgard - is it dumb and dumber or an action film
I DONT WANT TO SEE ANY HATE ON THIS VIDIO!
Gaming on a laptop is a pain in the ass. PLEASE, dont waste your money on these things.
OMG CARLI CAN U SEND ME THE MAKEUP BRUSHES
It's the little things
Love u to the moon and back. 
Yay  bout time lol just moved into a new place and needed your help 
The British guy completely shows you what you are paying $7900 for, and its not the suit.
I desperately need a new cooking video on Jun's Kitchen!
This has been an honor.
YES BITCH YES
yall talk like youre sleepy...so slow. Boring
10M SUBS !!!
RIP ...
Get Jim Nabors and Carol Burnett.
Wiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n          Wiggle \n         Wiggle \n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n Wiggle \nWiggle\nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle\n     Wiggle\n      Wiggle\n       Wiggle\n        Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n         Wiggle\n        Wiggle \n       Wiggle \n      Wiggle \n     Wiggle \n    Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n  Wiggle \nWiggle \nWiggle \n Wiggle \n  Wiggle \n   Wiggle \n    Wiggle
I'm surprised those aren't bent yet
The one in New Mexico actually sounds good. It plays America the beautiful.
Tarawerawi
I heard you comming to Bright day in the netherlands 
I was dying in the inside wen I saw ur title, dont do that to me again
What do you use on your brows? They are sooooo nice!!! I love your makeup!!
You are a joke to people who follow you
try adding Fidget Spinner to your video... the loading screen with be a fidget spinner
Apple sucks big time, they removed the easy memory upgrade options, and stopped release updated hardware versions. They stopped selling the 16gb versions in some countries. Probably, Apple wants to kill most affordable Mac, they have!!
How to stop Stop north korea nudes \n1. Suck your own dick
God bless your island la isla del encanto
Because you are a pussy an care what people think. Also  all them pills you take don't help.just kill yourself pls
This phone is too fucking expensive and Steve Jobs is a retarded asshole
Im currently reading Wicked by Gregory Maguire, and it is truly amazing!
YoungHOOOE!
Hell yeah.
He should quit on them like he did the dolphins. Hes the biggest scumbag the sport of football ever produced and I hope he suffers in the end for what he did.
it's like a 3d render with laser
You have such a sweet and loving heart, which is exactly why i love you Colleen.  I'm looking forward to haters back off coming back. The first season was everything and left me wanting more. Your hard work definitely doesn't go unnoticed! 
Actually they are capable of swimming for miles. A lot of the eastern Caribbean islands got their iguanas from South America
She said the power to impeach...I'm deceased
OMG D:give you a little massage . P: where????
This is complete bollocks, there was no Chris White in the zombies, the lead vocals where sung by Colin Blunstone. As for ZZ Top I cant say but sounds like complete rubbish as well. Ironic they're talking about the age of misinformation.
Jane Fonda!!
One of the greatest performers and singers of all time. George was a pure talent who manage to survive artistically for the last three decades despite all the bad publicity and politics against him. His soulful voice and his music will comfort us for many years...
Send me a frosetoes!!! lol I want to try one SO BAD now
rehab u such a killer man 
how
I think it would make everyones day if there was more people from the office in this
I love all her songs 
Why are you making shit videos recently. Like I want the old tyler.
Do the Free Folk
I have all the brushes she used
Where the f*** is Phaedra? I will be boycotting....
I like your watch.
Am I the only person seeing comments about Green day but have no idea who they are ?
This was emotional. You could hear Paul R. La Monica's voice breaking as he explains this... R.I.P Vegas
I read Lay to Sleep for some reason
EVERYTHING WRONG WITH MY LITTLE PONY THE MOVIE
I was with this until the final statement. Don't accuse all men of being creeps and weirdos. Why are you fighting prejudice with prejudice? Some women have made up claims for personal gain but we shouldn't assume all women do that. In the same way, some men are gross but you shouldn't say all are. I feel disgusted to be something I can't control. You are to blame for making me so hesitant to even talk to a girl for fear of being labelled weird or creepy. I blame you for not realising the errors men have mad towards women in the past and instead of correcting those errors you just make the exact same judgments against men. In the same way you shouldn't fight violence with violence or oppression with oppression, don't think 'men were prejudiced against women, now we must do the same'. You are furthering the struggle for both sides. Stop
I loved this song, should make a collaboration with tom walker!
I need learn some martial arts defence too!! and a knife defly!!
It was so great to have you here at the Incredible Science Machine!! You brought so much energy to the team! Thanks for highlighting our event and doing this study - it was super fascinating to watch :)\n\nThis is exactly what I would have predicted: the bottom of the domino slips backwards more on surfaces with less friction and the domino line topples faster. I did my AP physics project on a similar concept and found that a smaller spacing on sandpaper (frictional surface) was SLOWER than a large spacing on sandpaper. What's interesting is that my original hypothesis was the exact opposite. From experience, usually a larger spacing is slightly slower on a normal wooden floor, but I didn't account for the floor surface when I made my hypothesis. A slippery floor surface (and also domino material, hence the color to speed variation) such as glass makes the dominoes fall faster.\n\nYou're right though that this is more complicated than we think, and having an unexplored area of domino physics is super exciting :) Can't wait to see what you discover in the next experiment!\n\nAlso a suggestion for starting the dominoes... I feel like we need some sort of motorized toppler that very, very slowly moves forward hitting the center of the first domino near the top. If you use a small spacing, the first domino may just lean against the next domino and not topple right away, but this would allow the bare minimum force required to topple the line. You're also right that a longer line is necessary so that the speed of the dominoes can reach terminal velocity. I'm not 100% sure how many dominoes that is (this could also vary with spacing), but I'd recommend maybe 50 in the line to be safe. Thanks again for coming! And now to watch the behind the scenes :D
Hey Brother ! I need to presentate myself for my class. I'm a nerd and I think the most of us here (what is awesome). I was searching on YouTube, but I couldn't find a really good clip of it. So I thought that you could explain in a clip how awesome and cool it is to be a nerd.thumbs if you want to see this happen.And please comment on this.
do you have a link for the other performances? I only have the interview. :)
KW personality is so different than her character Olivia Pope. What a great actress.
What the actual fuck
I love it and I love Mozz.
You seem like a great person that's going to be a wonderful Dad.  Congrats to you both!!!
OHMYGOD I LOVE THE FIRST ONE, AND WHEN YOU BUY A HOUSE PLEASE DO A COLLAB WITH MR. KATE!!!!
I remember this treaty of Svalbard. An infotainment tv-show in Hungary actually went there in 2002-ish and symbolically planted a flag.
FOR THE 7TH TIME YOU ARE NOT EVEN SHUTTING OFF THE LIGHTS I CAN CLEARLY SEE THEM FOR GODS SAKE. Sorry it just triggers me
It will be amazing if the apple logo is the touchID reader in the next iphone
Why Is mickey mouse like SpongeBob? \nThis is the first time i seen one of the new mickey mouse cartoons are they all like this? Because im not fan of this
Daniel Bruhl is such an incredibly talented actor. I can't wait to watch this.
Apple must think we're dumb  I'm waiting on iPhone X 
HELLLO NICOLAS JERRY JONAS MILLER
Honestly if Disney doesn't confirm Elsa and Anna's cousin is Rapunzel, it's a misoppertunity  to make some HARDCORE CASH!
This is trending???
Love this, looking forward to more episodes in this series :)
This is my first ever comment on a YT video.  It was really hard to watch.  I am an old lady in my fifties and I lost my amazing mum to breast cancer when I was in my early 30s.  You are absolutely right it is a shitty situation and will continue to be so for some time yet.  Grief is totally unpredictable and you will feel how you feel.  Dont listen to anyone who says you should be doing a certain thing or should be feeling a certain way - this is your grief and it will be as it is.  Give yourself time and be kind to yourself.  Cry when you want to; rage when you need to and smile when you can. Talk to a professional if you find you have no one who can be objective. It wont feel like it now but I promise it will get better.  The great emptiness doesnt really go away - there are some days even now when I miss her more than I can say and feel jealous and resentful of those who still have access to their Mum - but I am so grateful that she was my Mum and the love she gave to me and that love and the memories of her are what I treasure most.  Her love is with you and always will be xx
The biggest organ is your skin
umm the presentation is on a MACBOOK.
LUKAS WHYYYYYYYYYYY
This guy would've been a king at vines\n#RIPvine
When shes home alone
Yeah, let's blame white people -_-
Remember when Rick and Morty fanbase was actully normal back in 2013-17 Now its just the fucking same as MLP but for normies
love this. great to hear new music from Little Dragon and great collab too.
Toronto? Gtfoh
I seriously fucking love you  I seriously feel this shit . Besides all this any song you make bumps .. You kinda look weird with those tattoos but they look fucking awesome on you . Your fucking gorgeous ...  awwwuuuhhhh ..
If your vegan replace the egg with apple sauce
I'm so freaking hyped!!!!
http://bit.ly/2yo8gTr Video Indirme Linki
i'm just like you .
I saw your twin Jay Fayza on the Rebel Media .
Kid Rock 2024
Congrats Mr. Austin. We enjoyed watching tremendously. \nGood luck in the future.
How beautiful is Kourtney,  I mean come on. Mother of 3? :/ just wow
Trying to show God your internet search history and he gets angry.
Lol
Is it possible to play the USSR anthem with the floppotron?
Hello again. I was wondering...where are those tiny hoops that you have in multiple piercing from. Im a nurse so I'm always on the look out for simple and chic earrings.
Wow Trending #6
This was and still is the bop
Julia's voice is so fuckin
You have a nasty attitude. I can't wait until you ruin your own career. \n\nAnd Trump WON!!!!!
gaga,be strong.I love u so much.It is my dream to meet u in my lifetime.Sonia will be happy if u are happy.
I saw you at VidCon Australia
   (   )  http://tinyurl.com/y7fsmvlj
Sooo this can trend but my videos can't even get one view smh
Somebody tell me what that song is called in the very beginning please :)
What kinda freaking sausages are made from a paste?.
I can promise you a gram of diamond is not worth 60k
OOH!  THAT'S GOOD!  (clanking chains)
If only you could do Olympic quality gymnastics...  \nBring it on!  \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Vote against your own interest should be the slogan of the Republican Party lol
Wow, they've actually managed to one up themselves yet again....
NICE UAV\nSYKE !!!!!
Look at how @ShaniaTwain glow! 
Wait what...i knew that shane is gay...
Who's obsessed with this song??
Justin Timberlake acting 
Your hair looks amazing in this, you look so fresh
Stop referring to any random place in Europe as Europe. You don't travel to Myanmar and say I just got to Asia. You don't travel to Brazil and say I just got to South America. There are 50+ countries in Europe and they're just as diverse as the countries on any other continent. By the way, one of those monkeys tried to steal my camera last time I went... to Gibraltar.
He obviously didn't teach him how to be funny.  This guy bombs more than ISIS.
Not trying to be mean but homosexuality is an accepted mental disease
*Y U Z Z A Z*
I am so glad you tried it and confirmed it does work!!!  i saw it online and thought it was a gimmick. Just something else to burn a hole in our pockets. It looked super interesting, but I was hesitant to buy it because of the above statement but now I am definitely going to get it!!!!!
Are you dead inside if so like and reply
That was awesome.\nReally enjoyed it.\nThanks for that.
good song
lmao i love her extraness.
Mainstream.. Oh well, next --,,
i wonder if the media will say kyrie shouldnt have thrown that lob
Do how to survive a lion or tiger
Y'all are dumb if you think Kylie is pregnant lmao
If the driver-owner can handle all those dogs, he can handle anything.  One is enough for me.  Friend has two and that's okay too.
Yeah, I'd love a Brainscoop/Ask A Mortician collaboration.
My love
OMG NOT THE PROFESSOR ! lol
Yes the mind and baby are related...it is what makes us like or hate or love a taste of something for example.....I love  chocolate  so much but really hate cheese ....I don't think we are robots....because we are not, we are humans with feelings and conscious awareness that help us decide what we like or don't
I got to say it was one game
I love how Brandon's father in law looks like the older dos-equis guy!
Say: I'm Pennywise the dancing clown!
That is so fucking interesting
She is absolutely amazing!
It's been so long that I don't even remember anybody's name. So I have to go back and watch the first and second movie again. Smh
 I'm SHOOK
Everyone Wrong With Orphan (2009)
The foundation applies way better with the brush!
Never grow up Clara
*When you win a Emmy but all you can do is talk about President Donald Trump. He's so far in these elitists heads. They are acting like the jilted ex-girlfriend. So not classy. Thats Hollywood. Nobodycan stay outof rehab, divorced again and again,Mental breakdowns and rants on awards shows. Quite the life.Keep doing this Hollywood. Its working great!!*
Amazing Moroccans Sand Cats
But why tf they gotta spoil everything in the trailer...
I find the way Brittney talks very relaxing. Brittney roleplay when? :D
i am enjoying this xD
both have lost all of my support and respect. fuck gwen and blake
Sooo very proud of you my love!!  this song is amazing!!! 
i live in las vegas!!!
Why are people getting mad about these protest? They have a right to do that, the first amendment says so, they are just trying to do what's best for the country, and if its very disrespectful ,they shouldn't have made it a right. Simple as that
Hi! Yes please make a video about sleep routine and everything related :-). thank you!
Go nile!!!!
RO plz make a minecraft theme cake like if you guys agree
What kind a heartless person would hit the dislike button

That was weird...
Can you try and solve a gear cube in thirty seconds or less. It may seem very hard but trust me, it is far easier than a normal Rubik's cube
The last one deserves a place in top 10 anime comebacks
SO HOL UP HOL UP\nsteals\nSO U BE SAYIN\ngets jiggy wit it\nSO HOL UP U BE SAYIN\neats a skittle\nAYYYOOOO SO U BE SAYIN\nchecks for nearest KFC\nU BE SAYIN\ncollects welfare\nHOL UP HOL UP\nlicks teeth then smacks lips\nAYYOO U BE SAYIN\ndoes the crip walk\nSO U BE SAYIN\nopens up a 40 and pours some for his homies trayvon and michael brown\nHOL UP SO U BE SAYIN\ntweets about dis and goes to check in with his parole officer\nWE WUZ\ndindu nuffins\nFINNA WE WUZ\nsucks air through teeth\nAYYYOOO HOL UP WE WUZ\npulls up sagging pants\nSO WE WUZ\ninstinctively looks around for the police\nSO U SAYIN WE WUZ\nfaints and then gets up repeatedly\nSOM FINNA\nscopes dem titties\nSO WE WUZ\nshouts at movie theater screen\nSOM FINNA\nchucks spear\nAYYOOO SOM FINNA\nsets down cotton bale\nHOL UP\nstrokes welfare check pensively\nWE WUZ\nthrows up gang sign\nSOM FINNA\nswings from basket ball hoop\nWE WUZ \ngrabs dick and shuffles left and right\nSOM FINNA\nparticipates in drive by shooting\nHOL UP MUH NIGGUH\nconverts to islam\nU SAYIN WE WUZ\nrepeated world star yelling in background\nSOM FINNA\nsells crack\nKANGZ N KWEENZ N SHEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT\nevolves from primate
Love this video <3
PREORDER HER NEW ALBUM #YoungerNow OUT 9.29
This should have been her first single as opposed to My Man. Gosh she sounds so good and its so relatable.
I love a lot of youtubers, but I know your videos are the ones that let me do this. I would be too depressed, or  scared of it, if you wouldn't tell me how to  beat these bad feelings.
I have so many things to say about this. First of all, I have always been a fan of Demi since Disney and her other work. Ever since I have had my account here, Demi has been my profile picture as well.\n\nNothing that she did in the past, or anything she will do in the future, will make her not talented. Her voice just blows me away. I saw her in concert once and it was one of the best days of my life. She is extremely talented.\n\nI had mixed feelings while watching this. I didnt like that the girl at her school got her involved in drugs. Theres no excuse to do them. Its such a shame such a talented and beautiful young woman such as herself got into something like that. What I didnt like the most about it, is how she continued to do it after rehab. I feel like she lied to us, her fans. Until watching this, I had no idea that she had not been sober since she was released from rehab a few years back. I dont remember noticing anything that was off. It makes me want to watch her Stay Strong Documentary again and see if I happen to notice anything different. I honestly hope that she is real and sincere this time and isnt doing any more drugs.\n\nI also want to say that I absolutely adored her and Wilmer together. I can tell that she absolutely still loves him and a part of her heart still wants him. I hope they will get back together. Even though she said she is interested in dating men and women. And I didnt really mind the casual sex comment, I just hope shes being safe. Which I am sure she is.\n\nI just wanted to cry when she was explaining the petition that the evil girls at her school said. I wonder what those girls are doing today. I wonder if they see the success she has now. I think they were just jealous that she was on Barney. It makes me so sad to hear the cruel things they said to her, and I am sad to hear that she still of course struggles with her eating disorder. It really made me sad when she said one of the first things she did after her and Wilmer broke up was purge. \n\nI wish her the best of luck in her future. As long as she stays clean and keeps doing what shes doing. I will continue to adore her and listen to her music and support her. No matter who she ends up with, she deserves happiness. I love you Demi Lovato.
Stop calling her Hanoi Jane, what the heck is wrong with you people ugh Stop
they started filming after they threw their pet husky out the car.
Love this song 
https://youtu.be/aV26MUJKruo
I need 10 minuets to finish 1 pec of pizza.
Ven a Costa Rica
Genji is hot wtf
Not sure how I feel about this song, feel as though it was written to be performed by Stormzy or something... I'm looking forward to how it fits into the new album!
Colaberate with how to cake it!!
Living for my queens!  
*YEET!*
i ment creator

This gentleman, Nick the wrangler, and brother nature are perfect guys to hang out with !!
The casting was perfect
she is way better... he looks really nervous
I'm also 11 if you wanted to know
WTF !!!!
God taking all the good people and leaving the rest behind
Where is your necklace from\nI loveeee it 
its like minecraft best comparison ever!!!!!!!!!
smoothies are for the ground
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
She wanted nothing to do with it\nWell then you get no credit, it sucks but that's life.
I want season three nowww!!!
Who is Donald trump fans here and going against jimmy kimmel opinion
music is too loud where we cant hear the voice al the time....
HOLY SHIIIIT IS BAAACK
Omggg Aaaahh 
Q
MA BOYYYYS , I LOVE YOU GUYS CANT WAIT FOR YOUR COMEBACK.    \n\n#ARMY
So entertaining but didn't really deserve a 9 tbh.
Aaaannnnnndddddd mic drop
i went to your concert in wolftrap
Wtf?
This was the first lens I bought for my 7DMARK II
your dad is pretty good at vlogging
how many cupcakes does it do ,I need to know!
20
Whatever sauce you make, mix it with coffee and you have an insane hot beverage
Who the FUCK just called them day-leks? This better be a fucking joke!
Can someone give me relationship advice I want a gf
As a Drama Kid I can say this is very accurate
Thanks for all the great tunes Tom!! See ya on the other side 
When you say Hey Brother you guys sound so so so much like the Venture Bros. I can't shake it
You look so good in yellow!!!
YOU SON OF A BIT**
Isnt Bjork mentally unstable? Like crazy?
Omg I've been a fan since so long ago can't believe how big your becoming 
Stop messing around shane
Coo Cum Bers
I am loving this song so much I have to listen to it all day. The video is off the chain. Loving Mitch's outfit. Man you do dress.
Can someone please tell me why this video has so many views?
awesome videon man 
Really wish you weren't promoting a brand that heavily tests on animals. Its disappointing. I was excited cause I work as a haunt actor but I wont be using their products.
Bisping had me dying laughing idk what y'all talking about....and if he wanted to be Connor at pressers why the hoodie jacket lol ppl read to much into this, gonna be a GREAT fight!
Survival bondage improvisation
Young software dev here..this was amazing. Absolutely thank you, and keep up the holy work.
I was Baby Spice when I was 8, my best friend was sporty spice and my neighbor made us sing for our candy.
this entire episode is like one giant date, but between best bros<3
It's weird to see him having hair again
Can i reminds me of i feel it coming
I Love Sia
15:35 dam
Sasha deserved to be the Prom Queen of Mirrorball High especially after her and Gleb's samba to Most Girls by Hailee Steinfeld
Aaawwww.... Seth didn't acknowledge her bended knee joke.. she seemed so proud to come up with it..!!!! And it was witty too....!!!
fhstid
Anyone from Le Reddit Armie?
Collar with K.J. or Cole or Casey or Lili
Did this already come on or is it this Sunday
You didn't mention the Federal Reserve. They own the world.
:D
This video was a waste of time
*Why I watch their videos:*\n-50% slow-motion shots\n-50% their english accent
Can you pleaaaaase do a YESSTYLE Haul\n\nTHANK UUUU 
Black and Brown pride 
DC, DCU, DCEU just make good movies and PAY those writers, they are more essential than CGI.
Canada: Washroom\nAmerica: Bathroom\n\nCanada: Colour\nAmerica: Color\n\nCanada: Aye.\nAmerica: AYYY BOI SQUAD FAM LIT AYYYYYYYYYY\n\n\n\n\n\nlol don't hate me for this comment I love Canadians I love Americans it's win win
Love this. Love you punks. So so proud 
I literal lol at all these videos.  Usually,  I just giggle or think Oh that's funny. But this guy gets belly laughs every time
I love symbology.
Took em 5 minutes to get the the point their video's, bashing Trump.
You are truly so talented I am amazed with every video <3
List of products it appears she got famous and fuck everything
118k likes? Dannnnnnnnng.
Bitch
An mlp movie ad just showed and had this song in it. Coincidence, I THINK NOT!!!
Congratulations  Jaiden for 2M Subs your new goal is to score 3M :3\n\nAlso congrats on pushing the Othman
what does this video mean?
Is there any animal orientals don't eat? Porcupines? Naw...they eat em and keep the quills as chopsticks
You should do the test in pottermore
*OMG miley 2017 sticked for the first time her tongue out!!* 11:09
Best dance. Lindsey getting all my votes. How can Carrie Ann's comment of one of best dances ever not result in a TEN?
Porch monkeys just mad there EBT cards don't work...coons need  to realize when name calling expect to be called a nigger back
Loved Ariel!
Roman gives me life !!
You mean Anything? \nHow about nuclear weapons and some spaceship I would like to buy it
This reminds me that I really need all new make up. On another note, you look like Cameron Diaz 
:/
Omg those pictures are AMAZING so much love
Its pronounced con-feh-fay, you uncultured swine.
Looks good. Not as good as Shark Week, but still pretty cool.
I love Eminem so much more now. Can't wait for trump to tweet tomorrow at 3am how Eminem and BET has the lowest ratings ever in history lol
step 1 for how not to  get bullied show you are the alpha beat the snot out of the kid. Step 2 bully is scared of you.
Hi will! Sana bigyan mo ng pansin ang coment ko!  Kc Hindi ako mahilig mag coment!  Bka Lang mkatulng sau  ! Kc  marami na napagaling  si ismael aviso  isa Xiang physicist!  Kahit anung stage ng cancer napagaling ng mnga naembento nya! Pls contact nlang  xa!  09163397311....kaya lng anjan ka sa ibang bansa pwde mo xa ipa contact sa mnga relatives mo dito sa pinas!  Alam ko May pera ka magagaling na Doctor  ang Doctor mo! Pero  magaling din Ito. Pwede mo subukan mabait xa at madaling lapitan!  Thanks will  ayaw ko kc mawala ka marami kang npapasaya na mngatao!  Taga batangas ako pero dito ako nkatira sa antipolo rizal!   Isa akong nanay at alam ko pakiramdam ng Isang Ina kpag May sakit ang anak!  Thanks will ... God bless u always and ur family...
Anyone know the name of the song for this trailer?
You look amazing with a middle part!! Please do more videos in a middle part! Love ya!
This video is so hooooot!
Omg Oreos are taking over your channel
Nothing more scary then it
This doesn't look scary am sorry
What is on the horizon at 22:12? It looks like a nuke detonation.
Yassssss girl !!! Well done x
LOCK HER UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wonder if this is the same crackhead mustache lady by the 5&10 pho
Trash 
https://soundcloud.com/emerson-osorio-182107109    REMERSON CLICK HERE! NOW!
I swear this guy looks like he could be my cousins brother. They look so similar in the face it's crazy to me.
Literally walking around the where Teen Wolf filmed, I am shook
I'm eternally grateful for directors like Wes Anderson
the feels 
TRADUCCIN DE ESTA CANCIN EN MI CANAL: https://youtu.be/dVMjGddDlvs
I'm not afraid of spiders because I think they're out to get me,they're just fugly to me.
Really wish you weren't promoting a brand that heavily tests on animals. Its disappointing. I was excited cause I work as a haunt actor but I wont be using their products.
i love you
The leper was horrifying what are you talking about .
Violate heat imagine ensure weight belt heel smile laugh.
iphone x is x or 10 (ten) ??
Why the red balloon, the memories of it are coming back......
When you only watch gmmore lol cuz you hate click bate !
I really like to see your video.keep it up bro
I don't like his vibes and I dont know why .. I'm a huge j law fan and it seems she's not happy. I mean ofc they want to be serious but .. seems like he force her to be more adult.. ofc I don't know it maybe she is totally in love and happy. But to be honest all the pictures i saw and all the stories her friends told are saying the opposite ..
Perfect song for this and the pictures are beautiful.
Good!
nicholas's new look makes me feel things
People make mistakes. It's inevitable, but we constantly make these mistakes in our daily lives, and this condition is called being human. However, many commenters are contradicting themselves. If I made a bet with everyone in this comment section and claimed that you all did something in the past that you regret,  I would be rich. But when celebrities and YouTubers accidentally slip a word too vulgar, suddenly, everyone believes that they are fake and deserve the animosity. This is very hypocritical, and unless you stubbornly refuse that you never made a mistake in your whole life, then you are not in the right to call Felix out for this. People recover from their mistakes and learn to avoid doing them again, and Felix is delivering this in the form of an apology. You all need to learn on how to forgive and forget.
I LIKE TURTLEZZZ
WHERE THE FUCK IS AL?!?
All nonsense Amazon doesn't count all the coal and gas power they use when the wind is missing in action = 70% of the time. But they count all the surplus wind that they don't use as power consumed by them. All the wind and solar are is greenwashing for natural gas and Bezos is just shamelessly mining the massive giveaway subsidies that keep the wind and solar alive. Pull those massive subsidies and Bezos would have zero interest in wind and solar.
https://youtu.be/vh1CblL--e8
I Love You Michael jackson,  thanks  for you msic 
Do trickshots with real madrid...
129.758
Yeah, only problem, if they run a red light they get stoned to death.
we need challenge video with folake! spicy noodle challenge, folake does your makeup blindfolded!
Hey you're not a bear on a unicycle!
Holy moly, awesome skills! Super useful too
Strangely, I feel as though someone just took all of my thoughts and struggles and created a video about them.
This is funny, but I will still be getting the X
Here before it blows up.
Hi
Eric Church is the epitome of what a musician, a human being should be.  Heartfelt, he knows were he came from and respects it, and the fans who have found him.  Simply my favorite musician, and a human I strive to be.
Hot wheels world race and hot wheels acceleracer series.
So why didn't she just adopt him?
#freeghost
LO MEJOR.. CHRIS
Sub to my channel...good content!!!
I only clicked because im reading yo kill a mockingbird r8 now.
FUCKING VANESSA WHAT THE FUCK IS SHE DOING
This can get on Trending but FilthyFrank can't \n\nYou really got me fucked up YouTube on some *REAL SHIT*
This is just a video about a prop for a movie, but I can't help wonder what humanity could achieve if we weren't held back by money.
Can you plzzzzzz do another makeup vid gtwm plzzzzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-G4jJYNaFs&t=2s   lets have some fun
There's a clock in the garage behind the vat
Thank you so much for this exercise. I haven't been feeling like my authentic self lately, and this has just made me step back and reminded me I'm a strong individual.
The thumbnail looks like a gay wedding HAHAHAHAAA
I'm so proud to be a fucking FanderWaals
i love how the background and his dressing is so appropriate for the theme of this video #attentiontodetail
Your eyes look mesmerizing. It's a lil scary. Very fookin groovy lady.
well... i'm waaaaay too damn old for this chart.
I miss the 90s!!!
I love this new style of review video you put out, Linus. :D
jajajajjajaj he is cool
Just perfect, thanks
Debra Messing and the guy who plays Will are cool and all, but the show wouldn't be a hit without Sean Hayes. He makes the show!
Calab with Chloe couture
   .   .
The guy in the red shirt at the front looks like the drummer from nirvana
People are saying it's all an act....  but come on guys imagine the emotional stress all this has put on him.  And he doesn't even have time to process this his own way.  He just gets constant bombardment
Lisa!!!! thanks SO much for featuring the original supermodels like Yasmin Le Bon and Claudia! Just what I needed after a hard week :D
came to FWF for hot ones stayed for Sean the GOAT
Jackson's growth spurt...heh
i like it
D:
Yay!!! 

& yes you are WERKing that wig 
Nice
How dumb are all of you on this post to believe this is what he said. He used the lack of respect for all authority for this. He blamed the lack of god in americans lives for this. Listen to what he said. All of you are fake news advocates.
I ship em
liked before watching   te amo  Lele your so funny 
we need a new word, she's passed shook 
I charge my iPhone 6s Plus with a Apple 12W (came with my iPad mini Retina Display) and Charge fast, I think not too fast than USB-C but Im ok with what I have.
honestly how the fuck does trending even work
Too lot of snots. What for to show it on tv?
This is what they want us to see for a reason....\n\n\nIs what a dumb fuck would say
volviste
The only time I eat out is ordering pizza and that rare. I really hate fast food.
Is it really that hard to edit out the stupid shit? Hire me.
the shields back now theyneed someone like evolotion how about the bullet club
AIB?
I think the Foundation looks very very nice on you..
I don't agree with a petition to replace JJ Abrams. I don't like The Force Awakens, but I can understand why some people do. I feel Episode 7 I was a missed opportunity to take the story into new ground and really explore the universe with original characters and locales. Hopefully, that happens with Episode 8 and Episode 9. However, I am not hopeful of that with Episode 9 for the same reasons that Kristian put forward. But as I said I don't agree with the petition to get someone fired as it really counterproductive. A Star Wars film is not worth getting someone fired over. Dislike for a particular film should be kept to forum discussions. What I would like to see is real and honest engagement between fans and Disney in terms of what fans want to see in Episode 9 and what they don't. That would allow the studio to see where they are currently with project and take it on board and that can really assist in determining what course they take. That doesn't necessarily mean they take onboard everything fans say.  I know you can't please everybody a hundred percent all of the time. However, what fans and DIsney should want is a film that sends the series out on a high note until we get the next three chapters somewhere down the line. \n\nI would like to George Lucas involved on set in some capacity - second unit director or something as a fittingly clever nod to the creator of the Star Wars universe. I would love to see Steven Spielberg direct one of the stand alone Star Wars films. The same goes for Ron Howard and John Favreau. You need to make it happen Disney as they would produce films that would absolutely crush their rivals at the box office.  On that note, if we get a stand alone Darth Vader film what director would one want to get the nod to direct? I was talking to someone recently regarding this and they said Guillermo del Toro.
Lauren should do a part 2 of this
stop being so sexy omg
Ok now I see that we need a sitcom where pennywise and Freddy are roommates who get into all sorts of misadventures in their quest to eat/murder children
Last few songs have been okay but after the White Album my expectations were really high!! So far I'm slightly disappointed...
Fucking genius!
If there isnt a blooper video Im gonna be ticked
Yo Kendrick gotta react to this 
una amiga dice que richard es feo y yo le dije que richard es un papasito  y ya no me gusta hablarle  LOS AMO A LOS CINCO  LOS AMO CNCO
the other girl's makeup ...
I  think touch ID is better \nIn saudia arabia the women's she can't use iphone x because abayaa
Why would you address all of these cadets as if they were all racists? Something is off here.  Seems to be grandstanding.  I am not ready to believe their is systemic racism in this institution as this speaker is propagandizing. Diversity really has nothing to do with racism.  You could have a perfectly equal amount of all races represented and still have racism.  This was a political speech.
no teehee
Why is this shit trending. 20k views is nowhere near trending.
Robert, is the only Kardashian I respect. If he were alive, he'd probably commit suicide because of the sluts he has to call family
Selling Minecraft t-shirts??
With the final confrontation with Pennywise they should have played a song from Queen.
Lindsay is a very creative and daring (that pinwheel spin with Calvin Johnson) choreographer. However, I've never been a fan of the way she moved. Since she's been paired with Jordan, my thoughts of that haschanged. Maybe she just needed the right partner andhe is it. She has the luxury of knowing she can throw anything at him and he'll nail it like a pro. The sky is the limit and we're looking at season 25's champion. Mark my word. #TeamFishUponAStar :)
You heard it here first folks, undersized cutting boards will restart the plague
PINK YOU ARE WONDERFUL
I cant hear it
i'm scared af my ass the only one up and im in the dark
I'd actually watch CNN if they debated about boobs more often.  They're my favorite.
Pork secretos aren't that limited. In my country (Portugal) almost every restaurant has it as a main dish...
THE INTRO 
What's the point of these things? Just ask questions? Can it do something else?
consistently well-scripted, well-executed, well-edited, well-produced; the youtube algorithm messed up big time
THAT. WAS. INCREDIBLY. AMAZING!!!!! Keep going guys! !! Big love from Italy! !!!!
Look #1 ALWAYS
wait guys ..! Liam wear a jacket there is a ' fear of God ' on the back of it like zayn's shirt in still got time !
This is amazing mr. Kate!!!! Thanks for doing this! Its so helpful
1:07 I'm pretty sure there were no cavemen in the southern hemisphere!
lol.
Everybody hates Chris!  Except me  :)
Well done!!!!!!
Why USA flag? You are Irish
meh it's not bad
The xl isn't shipping in mid November, it goes on sale at the same time as the regular pixel 2
Yes!! My life is complete
Hyped for the emoji movie 2 3d emoji's on the the 1000$ emoji machine
Liberals 
I have this song stuck in my head. I love it!
Madea For President 2020
{\__/}\n(  - )\n/ > want my fries?\n\n{\__/}\n(  - )\n< \  find yours .-.
Omg wtf AHAHA THAT AINT CHINESE EXCEPT SHUT UP
hey colinfuze oct 19 2001 is my birth day can you pilss gift me the video Water Rocket GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS Record Breaker
She is soooo damn fine
Shrunk - https://youtu.be/Wn7RE8zycJQ ;D
[Intro]\nI'd rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo, I'd rather go blind\n\n[Verse 1]\nSee I remember, I remember that night\nTil the mornin I just cried and cried\nIn the bed, no pillow talk\nThe way you left was cold and rough\nIt's ok cause you'll be back and you'll be mine\nBut where you go, where you go, where you go\nI will never know\nYou just leave me here confused\nDown, depressed and feeling blue\nIve convinced myself that youll be back in due time\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nIll be praying, wishing, hoping that you notice me\nBut now you surrounded by new company\nI play it cool, but truth is that's a lie\n\n[Chorus]\nId rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo Id rather go blind\nCause you was all mine, all, mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nThen I lost my sight\nWhen I saw you that night\nSo Id rather go blind\nId rather go blind\n \n\n[Verse 2]\nSave your talkin' I know all the facts\nTell her it's over and imma take you back\nLook me right here in my face\nCrush her heart and say you've changed\nThough we both know that's not what you want right now\nNow where you go, where you go, where you go\nI will never ever, never know\nYou just left me here confused\nDown, depressed and feeling blue\nI just hope that youll come back home in due time\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nIll be praying, wishing, hoping that you notice me\nBut now you surrounded by new company\nI play it cool, but truth is that's a lie\n\n[Chorus]\nId rather go blind, blind, blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nBut I can't say goodbye\nSo Id rather go blind\nCause you was all mine, all, mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nThen I lost my sight\nWhen I saw you that night\nSo Id rather go blind\nId rather go blind\n \n\n[Bridge]\nBaby, what the hell am I supposed to do without ya\nIll turn a blind eye just to solidify ya\nCause I need you back in my life\n\n[Chorus]\nId rather go blind\nThan to see you with her, tonight\nI'm done with your lies\nI can't say goodbye\nSo Id rather go blind\nYou were all mine\nAnd we had the time of our lives\nBut I lost my sight\nWhen I seen yo ass that night\nSo, Id rather go blind\nI'd rather go blind
Still a racist travel ban. Agree on N. Korea, but you need to allow N. Korean refugees though
spooky sediment
Sometimes the ray of sunshine is more lovable than a good dancer. He's gettin close to be my favorite.
Why shouldn't the players have it easier? the league is better for them and Charles sounds like a bitter hater. LeBron is the biggest baby and the media loves him.
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=4253\nClick link to get paid 
Amazing, thanks! But can get a super fight with a lot of beautiful men, please. Like have Tom Daley again and his hubby Lance Black and form two teams, like for Halloween!!!!? Because that will be Epic!!!! Please!!!!
Auralnauts are 100% certified raw.
#switch
underrated af
Democrat Barack Obama brought Bitcoin to the stock exchanges.\nAuthoritative sources indicate that this is a pyramid of scammers. In China, already banned. What are the comments of the State Department ?\nI'm from Ukraine, this question is considered interference in US policy? Youtoub will be fined for this? \nWho is guilty? Democracy ? Youtube? The Internet ? China ? Barack Obama ? Or I because I asked to clarify the situation?
great series, love how he was honest with the ratings lol
I was on Sephora looking at UFO Sunday Riley Oil because I had gotten a sample and liked it. The video suggested to mix a bit with your foundation for those with acne. Ever tried U.F.O products?
What is this video suppose to mean?
Anyone know what song is playing?
Added to my super spoopy halloween playlist, thank you <3
John the cuck oliver has probably given Harvey a handy.
I loved this movie as a kid, had no idea it an allegory. I should probably watch it again.
Im glad you had an overall good experience.  Breastfeeding doesn't have to be difficult and people will scare you with horror stories but it's no big deal really.  I've had two babies with upper lip ties and poor latches (their upper lips are turned in) but they breastfed great and I've never had to supplement with formula.  I have a good milk supply because I eat eat eat and don't worry about losing the baby weight right away.  Women have breastfed since the beginning of time and modern women are overthinking it.
Lena's got pretty eyes..
Oh, shut the fuck up.
Wow, grade A singing. I think the title should have said milo sings American anthem at least then it wouldn't be click bait.
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I invite all reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. We've always believed God rested on the 7th Day, but what about after that day? \n With All Of My Heart what I found is NOT Click Bait. All I ask is, after you watch, that you please take a few moments to consider just who God is before you comment. I can prove to anyone, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT, this proves it. Several times I've asked different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please I'm begging you to Help me Share this with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
You NEED to try the Giorgio Armani luminous silk while you are on accutane! It SAVED me while I was on it. I just got done 4 days ago. Good luck Taylor 
Vsauce did it!
Did anyone else see the Bawse nutella?
To be fair, the US had Sergeant Reckless: a horse that held official rank in the US military. But then again, Sergeant Reckless earned that rank and those 2 purple hearts \nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergeant_Reckless
Now go and be a proper rally driver and win next years WRC championship lol
Poo do poo
Bruh she had to sing into her jacket smh I'm blown I couldn't be there smh I would've hyped her up!!
Its an iPhone 7 Plus
He looks more like a mouse
Taxation is theft.
that time you buy a samsung qi charger for your iphone......\n\nedit: you want the heavier one so it slides less.
This is why simone is my favourite
What a giant pussy its cod man not a fucking satire of ww2 relax liberal snowflake. \n\n\nHappy birthday Elliot!
YES YES FINALLY GOD HAS ANSWERED MY PRAYERS
This does not sound like Gucci Mane,.....clone status...
Jimmy is such a fan! 
No, Jay Z is culturally appropriating hispanic culture. What a racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, alt-right shit lord.
What a delightful person.
Its critical so many have died. You have to question the evacuation procedures to include mandatory evacuations earlier. The Military should be called to force evacuations. Terrible but also only those involved know if it has been mismanaged causing death or other unavoidable factors. Many I suspect refused to leave and resources to enforce mandatory evacuations were stretched. Not an easy geographic area to manage either. Condolences to thise who lost a loved one and those who list their homes. Our thought are with you. Stand strong. You will get through this. One tip, brunt photo albums that are somewhat intact and can be be pried open,  in some instances the albums are just melted and sealed. Forcing them open or cutting through the melted seams msy reveal photos beyond the first couple of pages and the last damaged but in between photos are intact. I know this after a friends house fire. Provided some relief.   But things are not important in the end , lives matter. Be safe and look after each other. To the Fire Fighters,:your bravery, skills and hard hard work are appreciated and we wish you all safety and success containing these ferocious fires. Take care of each othe too.
What's actually the name of that Spanish song? 
Now I want to get prego thanks a lot Amber! Jk lol! I wish I saw this with my other 2 pregnancies.
Its your job to coach that issue... jesus this guy
He gives no fucks what he said. 
wait how did david dobrik get into this? lol
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!! zyler!!!!!!!!
My actual queen.
I'm just going to say, I love John Oliver.
He got power but dont think he win his next 3
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun........prreeeettyyy wooommaannn....
dude how do you ride a bike without hand !!  teach me
Her voice sends shivers down my spine and straight into my dick <3
The timing of this being posted and the Las Vegas Massacre. Wow, good job.
OMG  beautiful song
Demi is sexy period she is always slaying my world she is mi reina 
Who actually plows anymore it's all no plow
Good svenska pronounciation!
I think you can still wear all of these! I live in south Texas as well and I feel we don't get to enjoy fall weather and fall fashion till after Halloween! Texas girl problems 
Did all American idols jump ship???
love it song of the year
I'm looking forward to this movie. It doesn't look they're just making fun of him, it's seems to have a lot of heart. I hope it delivers
Your voice! Love itttttt! 
Im glad Spud found a good home 
Paul, I don't think you get it.  Bump stocks are not accurate but then again, firing a large number of rounds into a CROWD of 25,000+ people is not exactly an activity that demands accuracy.  So, you miss the guy you are aiming at.  BIG DEAL, you still hit the girl next to him.  The reason for bump stocks is NOT accuracy but rate of fire.  AK-47 aren't already called bullet hoses for nothing.  I am a BIG proponent of the 2nd amendment and actively support pro-gun organizations, but I can see where the general public has no need to own automatic weapons (machine guns) and these products really do nothing more than circumvent a law that has been in place for a long time (and one the gun lobby does not protest).  Ban them!
This song is perfect 
The school of life is still learning
I can't stop listening
I have all of those problems
Almost to 3 million subscribers!
Why does the LA times attract the religious kooks? Or is it just the natural disasters?
They look yum
Congrats Nile! Killing it and inspiring. I actually liked this time though cos of Purvis' freestyle.
I was smiling like a proud mother when I am younger than them I'm glad they remade this
 , !
A few fantasy matches I would love to see happen before the end of this year would be The Shield vs. The New Day and The Shield vs. The Bullet Club!!!
respect for such dedication... fantastic detail to everything... Cheers!!
Soulja boy not soldier boy. Liza
HIRAM LODGE AT 0:22! I'm so excited
I feel like this was a pretty good review. Like I didnt get that kiss-ass- vibe. Seemed genuine. Thank you.
I can't wait for Christmas!  
mudra, the blue cirlce thing is not for regulating the drops. It's a filter. 
Skit with mallorys vacation
i love the is song!!
subscribe me
nice
I love you Jenny
Thanks for the great music, Tom!
This is why the fattest people in the world are always in America
That was cute!
Shit they sing awesome !
Does he even breath? I think he is a robot
MAKE LARGER SIZES
It's all sorcery. Or Gremlins. Yeah, probably gremlins.
The IT one got me hard
Anyone else think this is gonna be another empire strikes back.
I like the beat and the story she tells but I wish she can rhyme because sometimes it sounds like shes just talking
Jemma please show us how to make macaroons.
sister you slay!! like that highlight made you glow girl like GLOW!!! and that gold highlight would look good for like a party or with some yellow hoodie! also i have a highlight to recommend, like i have light but dark skin, I'm a nude shade so i use this highlight by Catrice cosmetics, the number 020 and it's called Champagne Campaign, so take a crack at that and you should do an all highlight video.
You owe me a new pair of ribs 
I didn't even know he was Jewish!

I would get every one of those girls pregnant
I like turtles
You make me feel so happy,you inspire me,and if you ever doubt yourself don't you are perfect in every way and if you see a flaw all I see is flawlessness
1:38 - 1:45 made me laugh so hard
That's M.A.D.
Forbidden kingdom
Hey! I am a Lim too! Steven and I are related!
I'd love to see a Clarins makeup tutorial!
Next president
Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love! Love! Love!
Paulie Pillow Punches
Yorgos Lanthimos is already a legend to me
   ,  WTM
https://youtu.be/WGFUOE9JCRk
plz lord NO!
ok anxiety thoughts is MY NEW FAVORITE CHARACTER
*Ha, gay*
Lauren Elizabeth I love you , will you love me I need love .
This is so accurate it's making me rethink my life
So when we take a knee for fallen soldiers that's  disrespectful too pure dumb ass here
Hes also got a $6000 massage chair. Wtf does he do for a living!?
You can do it serpent king
Now see this is a pretty cupcake. Dark yet sweet like my soul lol
TIL lexan is awesome! and that's what our con man in chief will use to make his see through wall
That guy from Australia lives near me!!!
I think we all hope this song becoming the next single... its amazing. \nHey, if you love Fifth Harmony as much I do, watch my video of my favorites parts from the self titled album. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxafaWRuw8A thx
Lets get to the real point here. His hair.
This was on Thursday
Dang beaners
You're gorgeous and have stunning eyes! Quite frankly, you make me sick! Lol! Kidding. You really are very beautiful, though. :)
OH GOD!!!! 
Ana didn't sign up for this shit lol
Love this!! Please make a video! 
Everything she pointed out was not correct.  How dumb are you people really?
I HOPE THAT'S NOT ON YOUTUBE RED!!!!
Shes beautiful, oh my gosh
the very ending was funny and sad
This is so DAMN GOOOOOOOOOD
10-11youtube
She ain't fine no more,she a Fein now lol. Ugh
x1.5 speed is what you wanna watch it on
Um Routine?
omg i love u so much
You should make boneless pizza
moo is the sound a cow makes
Yayy! Chris is back!! :D
views= 669,666 XDD
Looking at the side by side video I kept thinking if she could take to her 22 year old self what would she say? Lol
learn hot to fly a drone or don't waste the money on a nice one like that
How many fucking idiots does it take to ask the same question? Obviously Trump supporters.
Coolest U2 music video in a long time.\n\nOk, you lads have won me over. Took a few listens.
I love u so much as a person, you r such a great full person
lava or inner workings
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
...drool...divil the sharing...
Where can i get that wallpaper??
Thot this was a joke.....
praise the sun \[T]/
Being British, the milk first bollocks really boils my piss
Beautiful Family 
I really want the context
yeah poop is so overrated and popular right now, it's weird but hey Ro make some like layer cakes theme: disney
just fix the damned 100% disk usage that is plaguing most pc's..
-No one types like this anymore-
I don't mind Woody Allen by way of Louis CK
Oreo Cookie!
Wathing on my gold galaxy note8 it is amazing
Why is everything she says uncomfortable
No. 45 IS a white supremacist.  It's been proven by his own actions.
Do boonk
Christ almighty. Imma just have this on replay, if that's cool.
Reminds me of that Jim Carrey movie when he couldn't lie.
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how good dua sounds? \nLove her and her music!
I ship them together more than I ship them with their boyfriends.
Deport the nazis to europe ~ 
this gave me cancer niBBa
Cam i have a shoutout
Amazing man
awesome
This season was probably the most disappointing, i dont think darci was the most talented, she moves her mouth way to much, messes up alot, and overall just lacks experience. I know shes young but its supposed to be the most talented person wins not the youngest person whos kinda talented
THEY NEED SUM MILK
same with windows 10 before. why is ten such a number filled with errors
Good luck tho the Norwegian post service is slow even on the mainland
Love him
Oh, look. More proof of Russian collusion. Someone call CNN...
Is about time
you look cute with the shortie-cutt!
I love it, I want more, please ;).
SunnO)))
I think Mars could be an excellent opportunity to research teraforming. In the process of trying to teraform mars, perhaps we could find a way to fix our planet?
How does a black man get elected president twice in a country full of white supremacist???
We're fucked. We're all totally and completely fucked...
Hey everyone,\n\nTaika Waititi is a very funny man, and you should definitely watch this video to the end because he probably gives us the best ending to any IGN video ever.\n\nWe really enjoy making these. So if you enjoyed, please give it a like or share it with somebody you also like.\n\n- Krupa & Gav
*RYU GA WAGA TEKI WO KARAU!!!*
The reason KD left because he's a bitch
I like the way Noah looks at him, beautiful song
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here  lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?94226667
I don't like this very much.
Im not feelin the future 
SHILA AMZAH
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
his off white vapormaxes are fake...

Thumbs up for anyone who is now going to buy the song or has already bought it
Hank you DO have merch with that on it! https://store.dftba.com/products/its-a-tuatara-shirt
Oh yeah I get it, Trump's gonna start a nuclear war!
Its funny in the beginning when it looks like he is reaching out to grab the reporter asking him a question
Hey mama you definitely look like you're going through some stuff. Whatever it is just know it will get better with time. Sometimes we need to stop and take time for ourselves to reflect and heal. Hope to see your bubbly self back again soon.
9m10m
Who tryna whop on my dick after listen to this song
Love ur cooking
I came here.cause I thought this was from logan
Samsung could survive without apple. Apple couldn't really survive without samsung.
When he took that jack o lantern virginity I was done
Another one of my favorite track from the album
Such an irrelevant video. YouTube keeps pushing its agenda on the trending page.
Came straight to you for the info!!
These promos r genius
You are just too darn cute.
Purpleeeeeee, haha they are purple. Dogman is the man, you two are the best. Hope you guys are this and even more happy for the rest of your life!!!
Why the fuck is this trending
anyone think it's weird that it's acceptable to say sexist things about idris, like whoopie saying he's young but she'd think about it and all the other comments, but if a panel of men were saying these things about a woman there'd be an uproar. This coming from a woman. Ps. I think he's hot, too! But find the double standard very interesting.
I remember a time when honest trailers were funny
Omgggg ur so strong
I've been waiting for your eyecurler to come out, prayers answered \n\nEmpower is for me, I like that it's longer in the middle! Plus, have a cotton band? So great, can't wait to try it!!!
So,why does the royal family still exist?
I'm new! Saw you on trending! Will definitely watch the rest of this series
GUNNA BE AWESOME, GUNNA SEE YOUR PP SOON!!!! GRATS MAN
If I hung out with Shane I would die because I would not be able to breathe I'd not stop laugh cause he's so naturally funny
Awe so cute
ITS EVERYONES FAULT BUT MY OWN!!! WAH WAH WAH
Hello
I'm literal
Oh yea that rock music it's sweet
were are spiders on the tier list
Keeping it local, welcome TomScott
I vote wengie
They both go bad and Luke kicks both thr ass..credits
The cast and crew of Thor Ragnarok is basically the British Commonwealth.
Yay Alicia de retour
Plot twist! The entire school administration is run by Antifa
Is Lauren making her own stuffies??
Thank you for telling me about her.
Ive always wondered about your assistant rick, is he like your unemployed mate who pops round to help?
Youre a G sis
T H I C C
Star Wars!
Can you teach how to transfer the cake to a cake stand or plate when decorating is done. I always wonder how bakers transfer the cake so perfectly on their plates because mine always break into pieces and is very difficult to lift it. Thanks.
What's Christmas??? haha genius
I love your tone damn gurrl 
how do you edit these videos? with a brick?
Poor polar bears 
It's almost like Andrew.
Wait what?? I thought you were moving to 95% White Canada if Trump won the election??? Budapest is even better!!
Love the title... Testing the make up out and going to slay the grocery store :D:D:D Also, sooo good to watch another makeup tutorial from Bubz! awesome job!
Why does he act drunk?
Who saw spongebob
Arkham Sanitarium Method for Relaxation as per ER.
This still makes more sense than the olsen twins disappearing altogether.
my headphones hot here before a mil tho 
Uma cano mais linda que a outra 
I swear to g-d they've used that intro before...
the actors are so fake and unlikeable
This is so beautiful. Thank you and we miss you so much Amy
Hey em! From detriot FUCK YOURSELF
Video is just stolen from 'can I get a witness'
There's no evil morty in the season finally (maybe there was one and I'm just blind)
Dude in thumbnail looks like lil Dicky
Furious Pete
Whats the road called
Just remember you not my ex...
This video is great! The part where Link barks as he swallows the dog food is especially funny because my gf and I woof at each other occasionally. We don't bark per say but actually call each other by name and say WOOF aloud. There's no particular reason why it's funny, but somehow it always sends us into a fit of laughter.
Hollywood's worst kept secret.
Car of the year
peasant condiments lol
I FREAKING LOVE IT OMG 
Well I just wasted 3:44 of my life.
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! Three times wrong!
ja pinches cabezitas moviendose en las letras jajajaja
Please kidnap me????
Who's missing avicii??
This is one of my favorite models that you've built! This is so cool!
Love it boo!!! 
I cant even take this anymore. He is way too talented.
She looks so good at any given moment
way too much plot reveal !!!
i love videos like this,but when i say i'm depressed to my family, they just say i'm too young and i'm seeking for attention. No one cares about young people with depression, this video helps me, and probably everyone else who watched this video,thank you dan(iel)
Well if something happens to church we know why lol when someone calls out the liminality they usually wind up dead but he's got the balls to do it. We dont need what happen to pac to replay it self.  But shit it is what it is.  Lol

just discovered the band. Definitely not my proudest fap. love you guys
Glass back, damn better buy their case, glass no scratch screen protector and warranty and that's over about $1200.00 spent in a day.
Why is this called annoying? He looks like he's just having fun with his son
Post Malone wrote I Fall Apart because Mitch forgot about him.
Aguero is a beast
charging at 30kw half battery that could be extremely long to do a long trip
* CHECK THIS OUT THUMBS UP * https://youtu.be/yrieEZ0Bv7o
I'm proud to say I didn't watch this on Facebook
No headphone jack, no buy
How many civilised country do you know would have to do that kind of video?
YES! The Earth is FLAT.
We want R , we want R
KellyAnne Conway. Smart, savvy, accomplished and gorgeous. One of many great people, that'll make the next 8 years with President Trump so awesome.
Cool! I want one!!
Looks like a good kid. But please leave the classics alone and let them be classics.
Just watching Adam being so happy is enough to like this video :)
This voice sounds like smashbitsanimation.
We normally call ketchup tomato sauce.
Who actually thought Cc Was close captions?
Too cute!
Wheres the hot video
Sooooo excited!
Honestly, the new TR film seems like a reboot/prequel to the Angelina Jolie movies. This Lara seems to be way more confident than reboot Lara, and there are elements of how she looks that seem reminiscent of Angelina Jolie's portrayal of the character. I'm excited since even though it doesn't follow the plot of TR 2013, it instead seems to take elements and ideas from the games to tell their own story. To me, all that matters is if they can pull off an entertaining adventure that captures the heart of the entire TR franchise.
Hi guys, please subscribe to my channel, every day a new video :)
SUBCribe to Myu chaennal 4 moinecraft LEtsz pLway111!!\nLIke Theise commeent for Free DaimondS11 :D XD
dillion seems pretty cool i wouldn't mind chillin with the guy seems very cool
Bad day?
Some of these shiny millennial channels are unwatchable because of the stupid fast, high pitched voice they put on. He's like a fucking robot that's been programmed to annoy. Sounds like 'What's up guys' la la la la la...
meh
Bonfire of the Vanities...what a pleasure to watch them burn. The basket of deplorables are having a party as the fires rage.
Laughing so hard, Matt and Jimmy are idiots.
Another kitchen machine, put Arnold in the Freezer
I love this
God damnit!!!
Where are the bodies ?.. look in the backyard. dig it up.!
I have a few friends who are from panama. They told me how crazy it is for them to qualify for their first ever worldcup...Can you please do how panama qualified for worldcup!!
It will be on the radio soon my opinion best artist out right now 
Amazing!!!!
AGUERO & all the other Argentina players Cant do shit for their country
Oh, how I love this British accent... Can listen to you for hours :-D
This video was so cute!!! I love how personable you get with us :)
**whitest dance ever**
Domo: give this video a thumbs up before we start. \nMe: phsss already done. I always like before I watch
Omg, they have flawless skin!!
KEEP SUPPORTING NFL YOU FUCKING MORONS, THIS SHIT MAKES ME SICK, THEY GET PAID MILLIONS AND SPIT ON OUR COUNTRY, I HOPE YOU ALL GET WHAT'S COMING TO YOU.
This is the best lyric channel. I haven't ever watched such a great video like this !! OMG love it !
2:09 Seriously? Is it possible to take picture of Milky Way with GoPro? Can`t believe in it..
I hope you did saw the ultra pixel reference
Wow
Love you guys
yall been killing the interviews lately
Shoot yourselves.
I don't understand I  saw absolutely nothing in this bullshit video !!!!!!
            
crack bitch
Amazing SOUNDTRACK!?
More pierg please
love u!!
 
wooooow darci Lynne amazing
As a middleeasterner I am triggered by your hummus chicken
What about Columbine (1999), what about Sandy Hook (2012)? It is a cause for extreme concern that the most powerful nation on God's earth appears unable to protect it's own citizens at home. Is that because, as Mr Robertson claims, that Americans are simply disrespectful? Deep down does Mr Robertson hate his own country? Deeply disturbing rhetoric from a man claiming to be Christian
Those were Not burning questions
Well you cheap bastard , shouldn't gone with a licensed contractor!
Anyone else get a real KSP vibe from this? Loved it!
Dam Rob talking shxt about  working class bet he loves when those fries lol
     
Lots of good memories attached to his music. Rest in peace. Thanks for all the great tunes!
Mark I will kiss your ass on the white house steps
rwie serducho ...................... . . .
im awkward and lonely...who else is with me?
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus. \n\nHe Loves you, so please do not listen to the lies of the devil. Jesus Loves you so much, He died so that you may live. \n\nJudgement is swiftly approaching, and the Only Way to escape is through Jesus Christ. \n\nSo please, if you haven't called upon The Lord, do so today. You will be forgiven. You will be saved. You will be renewed! \nHe promises to never drive you away, so please don't listen to men and women, instead seek Jesus. He is all you need! \n\nShalom, friends.
IMAGINE IT WITH PITBULLS
***NEED AN ANSWER: *** so when the stage 2 rocket is activated the traveling speed starts to go up quickly as there is few friction in the atmosphere at 300km altitude. At minute 42:02 immediately the speed stops to 35'262 km/h and then starts going back. How this? An object launched at so high speed how can instantly stop?????!!! Shouldn't have a continuos movement as there is no friction!?  Thanks to all for answer
Sad
Jub Jub Want Rub Rub
Lol I don't know what I just watched, but my boyfriend said I can never pick videos again...he can't stop me xD
     !
What's up with the ring on brits finger? Can someone please explain this to me 
Get Lavar Ball on here
Muriccaaaa
fuckn dumb
yes grace, I am having a sucky time in school. Butttt im watching this so how bad could it actually be?
If only Harrison Ford dressed like that for the film so we didn't have to see his floppy mantits.
666th disliker is here :)
America got talent
I wouldn't say people really buy iPhones for innovation. I'm saying this because I don't and all my friends don't either. Everyone knows Samsungs are ahead of the game when it comes to tech. iPhone is a lot more reliable and the OS feels WAY cleaner. I had the Samsung s8 plus for a week because I fell for its beautiful looks awesome specs. After using it for 2 days it got on my nerves and I just didn't like it at all.. That being said everyone has they're own opinion. I have had every Samsung and always end up switching back to iPhone... it must mean something ;)
Girl say I look like Julien except man. Julien remind me of girl now, especially the gas station scene because once I thought i saw girl at gas station and i often depressedly look at my distorted reflection in car window at gas station too.\n\nI miss girl somewhat :( so sad
# spooky
Goosebumps!!
HOOOLD THE FREAKING DOOR\nIsn't our DNA like, 90% junk?\nWHAT IF THAT 90% IS THE HISTORY OF PAST ADVANCED CIVILIZATIONS?
ZALMURON THE REINCARNATED
just amazing!!!!!more of this please....
*Who's here before 10 thousand?*
This was really bad of Trevor. Hes a bitch
Hes so cute and charming.
So lovely!
Catalonia should be free\nwhat Spain doing is not democracy it is violence
How long took it to finish it?
We know Hannah we always have
There Is A God My Wish Has Come True.
Hi Gaby. Cool video. But I wanna adress your dissatisfaction with LBTQ+ videos being demonetized. I don't get why you rejoice over right-wing vids being demonetized, but don't understand why demonetizing LBTQ+ vids is a problem.
u are an inspiration emmy. ur awesome.
Ricki Tiki Tavi BITCHES
I LOVE STUDIO C 
R.I.P Cassini have a good time at your new home
Barff - Jews are the worst.
Songs addicting, wont come out of my head
Dude im sick of this nigerian-technology bullshit
0:06, does linus have martial arts experience?
no matter WHERE it lives, WHERE it is from, NO MATTER how toxic it is, wilderness will get stung by it, he already got stung by a BULLET ant!

That's me
As a Vikings fan it's so sad that u have to still be scared of them missing a field goal that close
These Scream series are old school besties and I understand it's 2017 but come on these were in the 90's anyways I respect all opinions
2:14 that moment 
All people are asking for is a spoiler alert. No one is asking you to move a fucking mountain. Damnnit Evan. And I really liked you and your content but if this is how it's gonna be from now on, I will never watch a Nerd Writer vid ever. Unsubbed and disliked. Fucking asshole
Love
rofl that story
what was used to capture the aerial footage of this video with the gopro?
PEER Pressure. Like how you got those plugs.
dope
When the fish die and decompose wouldn't the transmitter still be around providing false tracking data? How do they account for that?
Fandom: Whisper something dirty to me.\nGordon: **gets really close**\nGordon: I can cook, Joe.\nFandom: **moans**
Con amor Gracias Selena
I love this song. Dj vu
Hermoso!
Tosh.0?
The Baloo/Robin Hood shot you're looking for is around 8:00. What was the first Disney movie you saw where you thought you'd seen a shot before? What did we miss?
getting 1 million people to look at this video and recognize the company... not bad already bringing a lot to the table
my dream vacation is Italy, it's my lock screen and home screen
Also Teddy Roosevelt wasn't fat and he was an amazing Explorer
And why do we care....
1:42 WTF is that a guy or an old granny
ew
The drone makes it look like Mr. Roger's Neighborhood
Love the lighting
this brought me to tears man.. the shaytards got me through some tough times. i almost met you guys a few years ago. when i found out you were leaving for a year i was super sad. But then what shay did really changed me. I didn't even believe it at first. I can't wait to see you guys back on youtube.  don't think ill ever look at Shay the same... but still
I made this for a school project and I WON \nTHANKS TO UR WONDERFUL RECEPIE MY TEAM MADE THIS AND LOADS OF PPL BOUGHT THEM AND SAID IT WAS REALLY YUMMY \nTHANK U SO MUCH RACHEL HAVE A LOVELY TIME AT COLLEGE GOOD LUCK!!
nice
I hope you feel better Bryan! I pray for you to be better! 
I hope your ok, so sweet of you to video when you clearly aren't feeling it. We appreciate you! \nYou really seem sad! I hope you and Brett are ok. You two are perfect for one and another. Girls only change their hair so dramatically when big life changes happen so I'm scared what you'll tell us xx
Why cant they both wear dresses
Has more veiws that TonightShow with Killary Cliton
You want to hear more outrageous crap? Look up Sarah's father.
Polygondwanaland here we come!
I'm listening to it over 5 times till now! Amazing!
Love lattes n cake! Perfect combination
Your the best man
YES! THE RAP GOD IS HERE!
plz make a world food challenge with captain sparklez plz
anyone else filled with anxiety watching this tutorial?
Hey man i'm form Africa and I'm worried iv been watching the stories on trump and i'm just gonna say if u don't get trump fired were all screwed especially if he keep messing with north Korea, boom north Korea and you boom china,u boom china and China booms u, u boom north Korea, Russia boom u, Russia and china boom u,u boom Russia and china and world war 3 begins and then were a screwed
I don't know why this was in my recommended and this is not a very good song
Does this thing know how to suck a dick?
That squirrel's the real MVP.
I love the music
I love this cat
I love you christen i am from lebanon and i liked all your videos befor watching it cz i know you are  perfect 
but she went on date with me after to taco Bell to me proposing... ;)
We sent a huge shipment to the white house!!! Ha ! Nice one !
hair
Tatiana is an angel
I've watched expelled sooo many times because I love Cameron Dallas and I'd love to meet him
Queda alguna que J Balvin es illuminati?? Ya no me jodan eu abran los ojos por favor desde ginza en adelante y escuchen la parte de l en alerta roja donde dice  fui condenado a ser bendecido por siempre.. No hubiese grabado con ninguno de estos artistas si no daba ese paso hacerse intocable !!
Both Francos in the same movie whaaaaaaaaaaa

clever
Go back in time and cock block your mom and dad
that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; for with the heart a person believes, resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation. For the Scripture says, W hoever believes in H im will not be  disappointed . For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; for the same Lord is Lord of all, abounding in riches for all who call on Him; for W hoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved .\nRomans 10:9-13 NASB\nhttp://bible.com/100/rom.10.9-13.NASB
How is this on trending
jesus all might that foundation was so yellow on u damn damnn jesus
Eav are you and Adam still dating
Every vegan ever
in our country, iphone X will cost 1400$ already. note 8 is the same. ill go to US and buy iphone X to add to my android phone.
Addison Lee must be delighted
where tf is mic bub?
Love you Fleur. You look amazing xxx
free game behind a dance-wall
Congrats your number 36 on trending
HE SOUND LIKE YODA
Haha, channelling Cong TV #Power\nGet well Wil  
You failed to mention my last mixtape.
She is adorable... but why are you making her do s**t like this..?
FAVE SONG 
They're all pinned to the ground, some of them were really panicking, their owners could've at least sat beside them
Why don't everyone read all the comments? That's unfair. Btw the song is amazing and Zayn too.
Plz get a better FPS camera with higher frames
TWO OF MY FAVES IN THE SAME VID
Did I just see future and Cher singing for GAP? Don't these 2 have enough money to not have to humiliate themselves for more?
Music is so nice and pleasing and the song itself is lovely
FAKE NEWS!!
I hear that Big Truck sample. Anyone else?
3:15 i see there is a sneaky Lamborghini 
Just because iPhone does it doesn't mean you should do it. \nat Least Iphone looks cool, and many people can dismiss the lack of a headphone jack.\nBut if you have an ugly phone, with ugly colors, and you don't add a headphone jack, then we got a problem.
Trending Number 1 in Dubai 
He got all that pussy back then!!
Alan Walker is best! chhh... 280k view?... next day: 280m view :D
Applause too to his band and singers!
I love uuuuuuu
Wow, Fox is calling out Trump???!!!   Who's next Alex Jones??? LOL
Can I call my mother? HAHAH
Download the verydice app and win real prizes for playing a game!!! Use my friend code 512694 for 50 rolls!! You can order anything on there. It's fun to do when you pass time too
Awww Dan your story is so amazing and I'm so glad that u shared that I was just wondering if u have ever struggled with extreme anxiety like I do it would be great if u were to share anything u know or have experienced about it if u have or not
Lol Not of all time Michelle but yeah alot of people don't talk about it especially us
Those hands needs fidget
just give them candy their just saying trick or treat than being a gangsters and be a drug adic
When you trying to be DUDE PERFECT 
I prefer your music before 
ooooh make the omelet from The Hundred Foot Journey
So....they finally made their own Google Cardboard? Seems there a bit late to their own party, Jesus.
Sssniperwolf?
wow this was original
lol!
... yes. every shade of your mom's lipstick.\n\n\n\n\n\n... and her butthole
So basically the bank drive through tube thing with people in it.
Does Tommy knows that he's horrible?
Can do a vlog so we can see what  you do  in a daily base
I just came across this randomly and this is so weird LOL
I love how hannahmamrie is one word
Jesus loves you so much and that love he has for you is overwhelming and is like your the only person in all existence that he loves. I'm taking prayer request and if you have questions about God I'm here. I know this video isn't about God but I wrote this in the hope I'll help someone. I'm not trying to push or force my faith on anyone, It's just a friendly offering. Also I have a video called God loves all:message, if your interested. God bless you and have a great rest of your year!:)
You forgot about the part where students can't handle differing opinions, demand a safe space filled with children's toys, riot, ruin the reputation of their school and then enrollment plummets, so that your guide isn't going to be busy next year.
Youre a good guy, Mark. Sorry about your mom. Sucks. But love your optimism. The world needs more optimists. Take care.
OMFG I am dying of laughter
This dislikes and comments are telling.  Breitbart, Bannon, and Yiannopoulos worked with famed racists to groom you guys for the new brand of Nazi-ism, and you BOUGHT IT!!  Hook, line, and sinker.  Many of you will be way too stubborn and blind to admit you were so easily fooled and come back to your senses.  The rest of us now have to deal with this disease taken over our country, starting with the president.  I seriously cannot believe this sh!t.
Haha white people are so dumb for not knowing a name from a foreign language/country. Great video.
I remember watching this and Seth receiving some backlash online by people who didn't get the joke. They thought it was awkward and uncalled for but with new light being shed on Weinstein's assault charges, I'm sure some of those same people are jumping on their high horses now like Oh, I knew all along!!!! Smh.
This is great and all, but how do I become psychic? ;p
Big e, xavier woods, kofi kingston

Is it me or her voice is a lot deeper? No hate! 
Bruno makes the world a better place.

Hey life noggin dude! Can you do a video of how twins are born
GIVE ME ATTITUDE YAS!
I love makeup tutorials like this and your skin looks flawless 
Ariel do my makeup!!!
Look so cute :3
     ..
I'm going to learn this dance but first I'm going to break the reply button. This is just too damn good! Baby, D and E they are my life line. After a really shitty day watching this made me smile and giddy for the first time all day!!
I love how the title says enormous feat
No way , the most beautiful part of life is its finiteness and fragility if we eliminate aging and delay death then we remove the motivation to improve and accomplish the most we can before the clock runs out because why do  all we can do today when we can do it tomorrow ? If we have 200 years to master a talent is it still as impressive or will everyone be able to paint like divinci as a baseline.
There are several videos that prove seth is flat out wrong or lying. Carson, Letterman & Leno never did this crap.
not as good as the lobster, but still pretty interesting and creepy at some points. never really scary, but the acting is great and it looks good.
This is the cutest video I have ever seen.
 . !
Trs bon ! 
Handstand on a plane. How do you top that? Love the comradery!! 
good job
Wikipedia is full of alot of lies don't trust it it can be edited by anyone. 0-0
Perhaps offering an actual course of action when people get outraged would be more effective than admonishing them for not having been outraged before.
The eyes & lip was my fav.
I get stomach ulcers when I hear progressives spew words out of their mouths.
Margot  Will\nStill 
Would  love to see kyra Sivertson (kbaby/ Okbaby)
Nah goku
I literally wet my pants from laughing so hard when you were jumping around in the frog costume!\nAmber, you never fail cheer me up and make me smile!\nBye, bye my Angel! XOXO
Hi
This so so funny
I prefer the jacket when Saf was tying it around her waist like a belt. It actually looks nicer like that.
Why did i read this as insane crack house theory
This isnt country
Please make more like this!!!! Try
I live in misawa,Japan and no one here actually cares about Kim Jon unn
 Legitimate music
OML THE DOLAN TWINSSS
 
 love you Nikkie!
SOOOOOO FUUUUNNNNNEEHHHH
One kind word can change someones entire day ! Thank you all ! Thanks everyone for your valuable love and support !
Smosh won't be the same without Anthony.\nREPLY
Shein, romwe, zaful, etc., are in no way a scam. They just have generic clothes in low quality material. If u mostly shop on these site then u either have a bad sense of fashion or ur just broke. I used to have 10 items from Shein n only 1 that i like. The rest r in the local goodwill.
She is more of life than life of Kylie! ah! shayyyyy <3 
great approach nikki you said it well.
ORCAS******
these series should be:\nmy freaking past
Charlie Rose digging up old dirt AGAIN.... Lets look into Charlie's past.... is it true you are GAY.. Charlie... divorced back in the 1980's... what have YOU been HIDING since... HMMMM.... Would you like to DENIE the RUMORS here...???? HMMM....?
Austin got his solo I'm happy!!!!
I love the tune .
So fucking excited for this!
she's so embarrassing
just had a panic attack, happy you decided to talk about this ^^
The application vine died because if you wow..... Your mom is a savage
another example of the media twisting a story to fit the narrative.  all i saw was a crowd of losers surround a glorified Instagram whore.
Congratulations! I love the crib
Hopefully they include the part where the atf tanks were igniting the buildings and underground bunkers.
So i should take college at 50 to pass maths?
Damn those eyesss
hey did we find that racist (im sure white)spray painter at lebrons mansion funny i dont remember seeing his mug shot or the video from lebrons mansion that they said they had.just weird how that All Disappeared anyone know why.i smell a 
Romo absolutely killed it in his broadcasting debut
My name is scottish...
Trending no. 5 in uk today
LOVED IT! Please teach us glam smokey eye with Ariel! And PLEASE with cheaper makeup!
Dissapointed, typical big bad group destroy world, only you can stop them Like how do they expect that to be thrilling to the viewer? we've seen it done a billion times and especially when there's next to no world building why should we care so much? Maybe one day scriptwriters will realise scale isn't everything. Although i expect the action to be good
1
Kim there's people that are dying
The memes!! Im dead lmao 
This is the longest car commercial ive ever seen. At least it has a story about uber... when will the echo video play???? ... wait a second....
Those lashes tho 
The kid probably is gonna be transgender 
Sofia Vergara wears the same mermaid style dress in different colors.
The NFL has no idea what they have done.. But the FANS will show them where the MONEY comes from...
That sapphire lens claim by Apple is very sketchy if it scratches only at Mohs 6. Greedy bastards indeed.
How about waht will happend if you where inside a stone for a day
Animal Abuse
will u make a Halloween episode this year
Good trailer. I will definitely watch all the money in the world.
Why do we live in a world where it is so difficult to plug in a pair of god damn headphones.
Who else skipped all commentary just to see dominoes fall?
IM #LATINO  PAPI!!!!!
44k you go girl. 
..the prayer of faith restores life and beauty to the whole body...Jesus Christ is the answer to your suffering...trust him
Is that after they pay for the wall or?..
exo and red velvet

I love your vlogs and beauty videos Bubz! Your sense of humour is just <3
We've also started this campaign a couple of days back to help Puerto Rico. Go to https://m.gofund.me/puertorico-needs-your-help  . Give anything you can
Where is the people???????????
Not to worry, The Wall won't fall over
Please, please, please mang... get RTJ.  Or Bernie Sanders.  Or any combination of the three.
 omg..love these two nutjobs
Not sure how silly this is going to come out, but if these suits were actual real world suits, meaning vacuum capable, how much of what these guys have designed would translate into a functioning space worthy suit?  It seems to me that they've designed almost everything you could want/need except for the vacuum capability...Fantastic props, fabulous details....
Ok. So if you would. What editing things do you use for your videos? I'm trying to start but have no idea how to make cool edits.
Haha. Stupid music, but fair play to her
For me its a near cinematic perfection as you can get .I liked it when i first saw it on video long after its original release.I grew to love it and now its my number one movie of all time so far.I did not get to that point right away but its a film you see say hey Harrison Ford hes good lets watch it.Oooh effects intense bad guy that isnt really a simple bad guy.Later you think about the films themes and start to theorise.I watched the various cuts and you started to see more  of Ridleys original vision and then you get the final cut.This film has been like a love affair.Attraction interest mystery intrigue discovery  love.Yep im a fan no i dont have bits of the set or one of Harrison Fords ties.Idont go to comicon dressed as one of the characters.I just love the film
i love you so much you are the only one who makes me feel better lately, i appreciate you uploading videos almost daily thank you so much Amy
Those who can't do ... write about sports.
Absolutely love this look and I appreciate how real you were about the drug store products. Even though I love your non drugstore looks, cause I cant really use much when it comes to drugstore.
Love your videos btw I have a makeup YouTube channel would really appreciate if you check them out
LOL the commentator said  he is like gumby some places  at 7:18 
This is shite for Morrissey
36 tending damn he getting famous
Rose is the definition of the return of the dead
Fuck the NFL. Childish faggot ingrates.
Pls do a tutorial for that eye makeup!!
No review of the Asus Zenfone AR
I would love to see a review of the new Pat McGrath Labs shadows and liners!
I thought that the taking a knee was about to come to an end.. But Donald Trump has just kept it alive and perpetuated the situation..
This reminds me of the movie called In Time.
Why they always ask bro the same fuckin questions
How many nukes would it take to move the planet??
Owned by Swedish, AKKEJ
#ListsAreFun
Oh! That diaphragm. Not as funny when you know the truth.
What type of sick person would find this funny!!
https://youtu.be/k9cZkquRsHA
Normies...
It's not a true ASMR video if there is loudness from the laughs but still really funny! XD
She is 
Love u Lex u inspire me I was diagnosed a type 1 I think 3 years ago now and I got really depressed  but I started watching ur vids and it made it ok so thank u  thank u for being my mentor  and  helping me with the problems of being a diabetic 
Olivia munn is a classic example of sleep with everyone who will put you on camera. She's gonna go down hard. Then her acting career will follow. Lmao
I love reading comments of small dicked white assholes deeply triggered by indisputable facts :))))) makes my darn day
Can someone tell me how Fallon has 14M subscribers?
Ay am
DANIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#NotMyPresident
Trash trash trash!

What he says is actually true about the military paying the NFL to market patriotism to increase recruitment of the US military. Fact check him and see what he is saying is true.
this song(+jk's whistle) is so catchy, i keep thinking about it
Yikes, I think M&Ms one candy short.  What rubbish
Miley's tongue is crazy and funny! And Gal is just sooo cute and gorgeous!
That H&M outfit was the worst
This video perfectly describes how I play Kerbal Space Program
Joey: okay Google\n\nMy phone: voice activated what do you need? \n \nMe: omg 
surprise x
What happened to the star wars program were a satalite would fire a beam of energy at a missile in its silo
Why is he being nosey?
yes yes yes
Love iittttt! You guys should do a get ready with me together next time!
Quality Review Nerdist!
What did the worker say to the boss?DONT GET BOSSY WITH ME!
Only a nigger would do this. Seersily you all must die and cotton welfare lynch of the fucks back the bus. Shit hour not
fuck off
Apple's fall behind Samsung and Huawei continues, I see.\n\nA rehash of the Xiaomi Mix/Galaxy S8 screens is nice, but it offers nothing new.\n\nAn apple release used to be an event. We waited with baited breath for the next must-have device. Now we just check online afterwards to see if apple have caught up yet.\n\nMaybe next year.
The video is pretty fitting, considering Mario Odyssey comes out in a week. It's hype!
My Queen! Your Queen! On here!!!https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NWH85qhrdoY
! ...     !!  ?!?!?
0:26 check it out its amazing.aprl flll
whoa no franklin bruh?
This is the Chris Young I LOVE! THIS is his SOUND! \n 
7:50  the vocal fry
In this post-duo-gender society is a gender reveal party still a thing?
How does this have anything to do with Star Wars? They could have easily done with exact same video without all the Star Wars references and it would have been just as terrible, but at least have some originality to it.
Friday 13th xD
the beginning gives me this unsettling feeling... some of her finest works have this glorious-sounding atmosphere with a slight sinister jingling aura, like in Pagan Poetry
Where is the Sabrina Squad at?
See you guys in Colombia!!!!
Dude, best shirt ever.
You give me hope, if it weren't for you I'd look poor all the time lololol
there's a Chinese plane too: why wasn't it mentioned?
You're paying respect to the previous movies. It's called tradition.\n\nIdiot
WGWG IS MY FAVVV
The answer is he's sociopath and narcissistic moron and his undeserved confidence wins over his base because they aren't intelligent enough to see through the act.  Their stupidity is taking the country down and he's benefiting from them while making them believe he gives 2 shits about them.
You can also make this with kidney beans
Why do you have to swear?
*Blizzard plz fix*
Is anyone else bothered that when you 3D Touch On a message (on the lock screen) you have to put your Touch ID in and it having the worst animation
he got caught up in the issues and made a mistake :(\nnow he will not be playing in the nfl.  to all you nfl guys, swallow your pride and follow the rules.\nif you nfl guys want to make a change,  a visual. protest is not the answer- get involved and follow other nfl players that make a difference by doing things that make a change
iPhone X hands on!  Would you choose this or Note 8? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCKMLoDswF0
The only matters that interests me is the girl with the red shirt
Looks horrible
I wish him the best but it's different
What did Duncan say to Austin \n\n\n\nRead more
AMAZINGGG
vlog brothers. i need a very needy insight about Philippines vs china Scarborough shoal and china vs other countries claiming ownership of these islands. im confused coz they said 200 nautical miles is property of philippines and yet ... china is very confident on its stance on the islands.  i need a very clear thought about what would a weak country do in that situation? Philippines won in arbitration court but it didnt really have any effect whatsoever since china continues to plunder these islands natural resources. i just feel sorry for the turtles that died . .. need answer asap. wish you can see these boring long comment.in the sea of comments.
Mine is Green too. 
We'll be sure to do a rematch only to let a chance to give Apple the win. As in the old days, when Sammy gets the update to get theirs faster, nobody talks about it and fuck you Sammy you loser!
Best child abuse bit I ever seen.
Team edge on 2 of trending?! I love watching your channel grow!! Who was here since the first team edge game? 
Ta eff did i just watch?
Did anyone notice that Hannah was in boo2 ad ;-; i just realized it
Turtles are fucking crazy animals
Thank you for this Marques!
You are great at doing this
Have you ever noticed that these how to's are styled like a Bill Nye episode?
Good to have you back Steve. You are such an inspiration! The People's house gladly welcome's you back.
Best post fight celebration ever - punt your mouthpiece out of the octagon!
Cannoli and harpoon were way too cute the whole video
super
omg shane in the black sweater and jeans... he looked so damn good bitch!
I'm going to rewatch season 1 just before I watch season 2
DJ is good but he's not the best.
Wendy looks awesome A)\nB) she has one celebrity face that I scroll through and I say nope she doesn't annoy me.
Can you do a free style my little pony the end domano layout? please
Same old same old like every year
It took me 8 weeks to recover down there, but I had a traumatic vaginal birth, would request a c-sec next time!
Looks like those shadows blend amazing
Is wendy a dude?
This whole thing does not add up...Something fishy is going on.
give me a merch
That's what it's all about people.We all need each other.What a humbling performance.

Love Big Cats!!!!    But remember, they will mess you up. it is instinct.
These arent even on sale.
He Wiped his face to let the guy controlling the projector know to go to plan B lol
Fakest people on planet earth under one roof.
This is the first time that I've heard Aaron Carter's name in about ten years. This is unsurprising.
Amazing man I love your videos.
poor investment advisor can't afford pants with no holes.
I don't believe the explanation about how there could have been more O2 in the past.  The current atmospheric concentration of CO2 is less than 1%, so even if all of this were converted to C + O2, the atmospheric concentration of oxygen could not rise by more than 1%.  I could be wrong, but I thought the reason that there is less oxygen around is due to chemical reactions such as rust.
I wanna buy a DAC that scishow mentioned bout to crush some scrap metals in my backyard to sell with a small and heavy pieces of metal
True heroes
Reading these comments...sexual assault is not a political issue. It's a public heath issue. What the hell is wrong with you people?
Seven poll Mexican everyone figure enforcement structural bone
WHY SHE SOUND LIKE A KLANSMAN'S WIFE...?
I love this
Honestly, he deserved it so much!! I can't even express my joy right now!!!
Tbh I didn't adore the first season, but I am excited for the second one.
Desi.... the thumbnail ALONE = thumbs up\nThis is ah maze eennnggg!!!!
2:02 Dat voice crack
This is my professor! :o
I really liked Lava too, but my fav is the 2D animated one about opposites.
This might bet THE best makeup line I've seen! So bronze and natural AND glam all in one! My kind of makeup! #shamelessfenty
so is born a meme
Normally i dont like ASMR but this was great
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
She always come back better.
L o L
So where does her money come from?
What? No demon or hellkitty? Pussies
He called her kansas at first 
Dear Narrator,\nPlease stop being so annoying and STFU!!!\nSincerely, the people of Earth.
ANGELICA HALE IS THE DESERVING CONTESTANT TO WIN AMERICAS GOT TALENT !!!
Harry is so pretty
Trump should be replaced, but this is so boring. Hope this show will die out just as Seth should
Love your video
Luke Evans you killed it!!!
  
make giant mac n cheetos burger like if u agree
I wonder if Adam is capable of being disappointed, or if his excitement and enthusiasm alwayscarry him beyond his expectations? I have a feeling that Ridley Scott could stub a cigarette out in a dog turd and Adam would be waxing lyrical about the aesthetics.\n\nI mean, the props do look good (as you might expect on a $150million+ production!) but I strongly suspect that however they looked he'd struggle to see anything wrong with them.
The iPhone X is going to have the same results.  iPhones are basically Snapchat and Emoji devices for loose teenage girls.  The Note 8 is a beast and destroys any iPhone.  Apple is scamming all you iFruits. You're just paying for the Apple logo. You gotta pay damn near $80 extra for fast charging. The Apple watch still has a lame square design, and features that Samsung Gear watches been had.  iOS11 is trash, same bullshit row of icons and restrictions.  WTF is Super Retina?  What's next, Super Duper Retina?   WTF is so Bionic about the A11 chip?  It's obviously not Bionic enough to go against the Note 8.  And AR is just plain silly, you have to pan the screen around like an idiot to use it.  VR is much more immersive, and Samsung has the best mobile VR.  The only thing iOS has going for it is iMessage, but without iMessage the iPhone is 100% a child's toy.  The worst thing about the iPhone is the constant replacement of lighting cables, which have the highest failure rate.  Even the iPhone 7 plus has garbage on screen battery life. The last decent iPhone was the 6S Plus, the greatest iPhone was the 4S. Oh yea, that new portrait lighting feature is complete garbage, straight amatuer shit.
This dude needs to be traded to the suns already lol for Bledsoe
Google has a thousand pictures of it at night
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Was here,still am!                   Loved u,still do just even more
thank you for making this.
Inlove
There IS a difference. Real musicians can and will always just pick up and jam. Now other carpool karaoke guests are challenged to walk in off the streets and do their thing.
So clever
Learn how to dunk
I cannot give this enough thumbs up.
Heisman.
Got to take a trip down to Dreamville, spend some time under the trees.
What if we don't put cinnamon extract?
Shit 
There was once a Little girl who was lost in a corn maze and I just ran away from her cuz I thought she was part of the maze
But there's a wild Trumpazar on my radar!
Bra Fancy Styles design and Fashion Panties app you can find different types of bra which can significantly change the way you look.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bra.styles.design
I LOVE IT, TAYLOR.
did he eat raw pork out of the machine?
Some serious fleetwood mac vibes goin on <3
This tech can be used for transportation. If it is more cintrolled
This is a wonderful concept that is sure to become a reality in the future! Continue to work your magic Space X! I'll be right here rooting for you!\n\n\n- Chewy
Hint to a spin off?
No thanks to many people
please please please share the sleep experience!
I LOVE

I came as soon as i heard (Hamilton)
A hetero woman and a hetero man come visit a house full of homosexuals.
fucking slayed like ALWAYS
I'm fuck them up hhahahahhaha
Its 99 degrees out but I'm about to go rock a dark lip because Casey is :-D
A musica  da bebe ou do cara gente? ? ? ele praticamente canta musica inteira sozinho. . . ele  so um feat, nao entendi um pouco direito
You sound like Jerry Seinfeld
2:21 gotcha!
My name is troy to
Well I want pictures of your cats (or dogs or turtles) @arianej_l on Snapchat, insta and Twitter, and on messenger arianejul if you want to fangirl with me about your pet  :))
what does 50 mean when he says hiphop is a youth culture?
I FEEL WEIRD MERCH
i just love imagine dragons. nothing else 2 say
omg this is so cool but i cant stop thinking about how stupid this might look in 20 years
Jeez Cracked. Get a life
Hahahha straight to DVD!!!! Haha is where you should have gone after Comedy Central!
love how the video was shot in fota wildlife park
Yas Licia  yassss David \n\nAWESOME cover 
The Dominator beat DJ...hes not the greatest, buga suga jones is!
This video feels so much more different than a regular Team Edge video.
*Every Racist Has A Black Friend* The #1 Music Download of The Day \nShare and Order You're Right here  ( http://cdbaby.com/cd/stonethug52 )
the gregory brothers never fail to put the biggest smile on my face! love this
The View needs to get it together, get on the phone and offer Jed some cash to return! You need good debate on the show, which doesn't come from having 4 Dems on the panel who disagree on very few issues.
Now a days people are not listening instrumental music as much..but soul music lies in these instrumental music.. Hope lot more people will find out and relate them to this music
I'm from Saint-Martin, living in France and still haven't hear from my family. Thanks for this vid, love ALL your vids..
David what happened to Wolfie he left alboe?
do you know who viktor trotter is he is a british gymnast and my friend also he is is a kid because he claims he has seen you
at 2:07 i thought she was talking to a small sunny d bottle
Why is this not a marketing campaign already?
amazon is way better in my opinion but when is either of these companies going to get into the selling market
you actually look really cool blonde
Nail art using dollar store/$1 nail products?
Happy 9,000,000 subs
right on!
Vampire Hunter D....
Look what happened to SA after apartheid ended ...
Looks like eater is starting to run out of ideas they're starting to recycle existing content like the Gordon Ramsey channel and great big story
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends. \n\nHe loves you more than you know! Repent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus! He is not angry at you!\nPlease don't listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus is There for you. He is waiting on you to call upon Him. He will deliver you!\n\nTomorrow is not promised to us, but free salvation in Jesus Christ is!\n\nPlease consider making Jesus Lord of your life. Call upon Him today, if you haven't already. You will be saved!\nHallelujah!\n\nShalom, friends.
Thank you for the video!
LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH
yes dye your hair blue you only live once....big fan 
Ahhhhh this gets me so hype 
I really hope he's FULLY RETIRED as a doctor. How did he stay awake during 6 hour surgeries?!
No, but he will look like him.
Who still uses that kind of coffee maker? 
WHY DID SOME PEOPLE put a thumbs down on this video? My God have mercy, the evil hearts in this world is horrific. Some of these people devilish comments is just as evil hearted then the devil who did the shooting, no compassion. Bless Lord bless the survivors...
I think because Vince can t take on artists because Tamar is so opinionated! So she stands between the dollarssss
Love the anthem in there lmao
Caralhoooo cada dia surpreendente 
I agree with this lady that's a outside food. That stuff gets everywhere! Eat them all the time!
Awesome 
I need to put my shoes on the DJs mouth
  KB U A Monster
to re-cat.. cap. recap. Cat knocks bottle of the counters for two seconds less than one minute.
What if we find ourselves in a relationship like this? I think both me and my gf have self love problems, and I think I'm the type that Hannah described. I go into the relationship giving and giving so I can feel fulfilled, but my girlfriend is more how Kati described it. She doesn't love herself so she's in the relationship to feel loved by me. Basically, I've found myself in a situation where I'm giving and giving so I can feel fulfilled, but she seems to just take and take and not give much back. I don't know what to do, because I honestly love her, and I love who she is, and alot of the time when we're together I have alot of fun with her. It's more like she's this amazing friend that I cherish so much, but she's a bit of a selfish lover. I don't know if that's because of her own self love issues, but I really need some advice.
think about Gal Godot aren't Jewish women supposed to be hot
I died when he said  two thousand twenty- never 
Anyone else finds her extremely beautiful?
Eva is so freaking amazing I swear I don't get how people say she doesn't care about her fans like where???
white men
Awesome. Adam has become one of my biggest heroes.
BOYCOTT THE NFL!!! The 3 prominent personality's they pushthisare ALL HILLRY donors supporters and all campaigned for that witch Hillary! Steph Curry, LeBron James, Pharrell Williams!!!!! Fuck the NFL! ...period!President Trump is 100% rightFire Them Sons Of BitchesGoogle can censor people because it a private company! The NFL is a private company and can fire every last one of them sons of bitches
Yay go Boogie!! Just think, if you do 4x those six weeks youve already done, you could be in twotopia. Thats nothing!!!!!  so proud
BUT can it run Crisis?
HERE FROM THE NORTH FACE COMMERCIAL AHAHA
Makes me mad that yall have enough money to fund this....how about you send this money to Puerto Rico?????
Omg roman from hermlock grove 
The world just got FUCKED this month.
*LELE'S NOTIFICATION SQUAD* like if you are one
Get the guy out of the video, he's distracting.
Awesome job. Couldn't even imagine doing that.
Honest trailer Supernatural series please!
Chloe! Watch a tutorial of a black girl doing it..!!!! They are the pros at it
white people wearing shoes inside the house, triggered
There was a time when pokemon was famous but the time is not now\n\n\n\n\n\n
the 1990s clown looks less scary
Does anyone else love this feature? 
Now everyone tries to be a star...this music is not good.
I wanted mk2 for so long, but hesitated to spend the money. Now I feel like I waited enough, I will definitely get mk3
i havent seen mirdanda without lipstick and i couldnt figure out who she was in the beginning xD
purge makeup tutorial with glitter tears! 
Of the few vids i liked on this website :-)
Am I the only one who is amazed Rhett switched over to jack in the box over his better judgement, but was still right.  Well played 
Jesus im so excited for this one!!!
1:49 hahahaha i love jon so much
She thought he was medium....\nBut guess what?....he ain't medium..\nHe is smaller!!
Love that she buys normal items and not only designer! Real down to earth girl
Dropped my fucking 7s today that piece of shit screen shattered into a million pieces.smh
Love your vids
Do an IT cake
Pretty cool huh
I HAVE BEEN BLESSED BY THAT NEW INTRO
Hes channel rlly died wow
When Coyote said 'Kermit, come back' i just died laughing.
I bet Coyote is level 50 in pocket frogs and completed all the achievements.
When will western leaders learn?
i did it!
#genetics #luck #karma #OBSESSED
Very very nice job here on a risky cover - rich and dynamic!
Congratulations hun on your new line  Im definitely a fearless gal 
Make it real bro #POOQOG8VY
I WAS ONCE ON A FREAK ACCIDENT IN WHICH I WRONGLY PUT MYSELF IN THE MICROWAVE INSTEAD OF MY PIZZA SLICE. ALL I COULD SEE WHILE THE HOT CIRCLING WAS GOING ON, WAS THE FACE OF MY PIZZA SLICE LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY. I SURVIVED BUT NOW I AM JUST A LITTLE MORE TOASTED AND NOW WHAT I DO IS I UNPLUG THE MICROWAVE BEFORE USING IT.
R.i.p mj you will always be in our harts i miss u so much and i was only 1 month old when u died im 8 now and i miss u SO much
Nancy and Jonathan. End game. That is all.
Why not just use pumped hydro to store power? This can be done in many parts of the world for cheap.
Stay strong my baby.\nAll my love for everybody
Have you tried Curology?
What if the drone has a photo-reflective finish, e.g. chrome?
safety comes 1st
When you two going on tour again 
I love this band
That *Bwhooom* sound appeares in every Apocalypse movie..
what is your contact's name? Please answer I've been searching for a contact like this for a long time! 
This guy is an ignorant corporate puppet not able to comprehend the situation and how he is contributing to the downfall of his country. The government wants to abolish the second amendment for obvious reasons and if you would research outside of mainstream media you will find the lies fed to you are quite disturbing. Don't believe anything you are told, consider all information available and form your own opinion, Phillip de Franco is not qualified to give you any of this information.
Where are all my Asian viewers at yo! 
Aww they're all so cute!! Which one is yours? Oh it's the border collie
They never give us ketchup
Left too early  Tom Petty!!!! We love you!!! One great floridian!
Plot twist : that's the real reunion. It's not a dream, and Snyder wants to give us a superbly beautiful meeting because Clark and Lois deserve their happiness together.
PUUUUUUSSSSAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!!!!
Netflix and grill 
My favorite is the tropical orange.\nOh my God. That...... That is immortal. 
Do people just dislike videos to be a dicks or what? Who are these people?
1:02 is colin having an affair? :o
i dont have enough space between my eyelid and my eyebrow to do a cut crease and have it look good :^)
!
Should have worn them as pants
Mad genius
Q bellesa mi pana
I kinda want to play that if it was a video game
Nice suit, too bad the movie just plain sucked.
Im a amazon worker and yeah its true\n\nFor the 10 hours we work we get three breaks two 15 minutes and one 30 minute lunch time.after working for 2 and a half hours. But the sad thing is it takes around 4-5 mins to get to the break room so at the end the 15 minutes are only 5 minutes of sitting down\n\nAnd then the 30 minute lunch time. \nThe lunch canteen is located on the 2nd floor, I worked on the 4th floor so it took around 6 mins to go to the canteen and get food and it took the same time to get packed lunch from floor 1 lockers. So at the end you only got around 16 mins of lunch time \n\nAnd for the first few weeks they tell you to work faster everyday and will keep on telling you if youre work rate isnt 100 percent (250 items per hour). And if you do get a good rate they dont really tell you about it unless you had the best rate on the whole floor which are usually the more experienced ones.
I graduated from Union Pines High (in Cameron) in '06 and there were still people doing that...I'm sure they still are!
Guetta and the beaver can it get any worse?
Omg you finally look like your old self!!!
Sees boyfriends dead, still saves the water lol
Isn't that the roommate of the B in apt 23?
plz do a drift vid
Shelter to get you out of the elements? You definitely won't last long without water, basking in the sun.
I'm watching this while eating an Apple Fritter :)
Josh is gorgeous and already has fantastic dark lashes. If he found the right lashes for his eye shape and practiced putting them on he'd look even more amazing!
More emmys 4 niggers
DIS' ETHAN
I am a Christian, and I 100% disagree with everything this video says. Not all of us are so close-minded and stupid. I am into many things that most Christians say are bad, Harry Potter, Supernatural, but I am still saved. So please do not judge us all by the stupid beliefs of the few.
Kitsch Altman?
Of course their is gonna have to be a Carlos one
A vegan pot pie? Please, do tell!
And this is what YouTubers like to call. Clickbait 
duuuuuuuuuuuude this is awesome!
Wow this song really got me! Eli you're so great and talented. I hope one day to finally meet you!
BEST SONG EVER!!!\nCANT WAIT TO WATCH THEM PERFORM LIVE IN MXICOOOOO <3 <3 <3 <3
1:56 if you look to the right you can see a HAIR
Get out of my recommendation's.
hm,  I thought LOGAN was a lot like 'No Country for Old Men' meets  'Little Miss Sunshine'   :)
Make a man out of cake
this is a video about a man eating food, why in the hell is the intro so intense
I love this series so very much
#    #    #\n*Based on love alone. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Then on the third day rose Him  from the dead.*\n*Now, though Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you, if you ask Him.*
This is the most arbitrary trending video Ive seen to date.
I thought it was a joke...
Traitor! J/k Good luck \nFox news will miss you.
stop
Let's see: 139 for Samsung gear VR with controller, or 200 dollars for Oculus Go? I think you know where your money should land at...
i feel dizzy looking around!
Hmm, I guess I'm above average. I mean, I'm female but I'm 5 feet 10 inches tall. Being tall, I can't imagine being at the average height of 5 foot 3. @_@ Too short. XD ^_^;
JOHN BOIIIIIISSSSSSS
See you later, space cowboy.
Of course they are coming from Colombia ha ha
New Taylor is here 
Andre the Giant may have passed but he still lives on in our hero, Shrek
After 2 years... and his voice is STILL FUCKING GORGEOUS AMAZING
Your skin is flawless! I love this beautiful simple look!!
#shutthefuckup
Why not a Greatest car chase scenes of all time?
this is the most boring interview for jen she's really uncomfortable
Call a boxer bitch like canelo or broner not a none boxer
Still waiting on the pathfinder to find a viable planet then are we?
what is wampa?
This has totally made my day!
Amit bhawani is here
As I said we have a large installed infrastructure that has been in place since AC electricty was invented, it would be a massive undertaking to change all of that. You had a big war which destroyed most of yours, it is much easier and less expensive to start over.
Gab... holy crap I don't think I've been in awe yet watching a drone video yet... incredible my man!!!
Yes because OUR POTUS would never ever let that fucktard interview him!!!!!! Fuck off loser
This is wierd dude
Who else loves her accent? 
They are appalling drivers, they clog the roads, perform dangerous manoeuvres, speed everywhere. As much as its convenient its time the app and its drivers go.
Me too, Nicole. Me too
Its soooooo cute!
Do u need the Greek yogurt?
PRICELESS EROCK   GOOD JOB HAHA !
Hahahaha Cute - Keep Teaching her but beware... One Day she will explayn YOU how the World turns ^^
Bro\nNote death
Had to play this on piano for a wedding with pachbel canon arranged in the song.\n\nCan't get any worse than that.
He actually got good taste but small feet for how tall he is
Fake News!! \nGobsmacked to see how low people go to make our president look bad! #MAGA #TRUMP2020\n\n\n\n\n\nlol jk this shit was funny af
Lofree keyboard and MX master  mouse from Logitech. i think it will suit your style  thumbs up if you get one.  @techtwinkie on twitter.
That the one Harrison Ford had in his hands before he accidently dropped it? :D  great piece of art though n great job :)
I expected a different Megapeng channel honestly from what you linked...
Do a who knows me better with Steven & @katy lol
Lol Ingrid if you like Aritzia then you would probably love their annual warehouse sales in Vancouver!
u are awesome disney toys
-   ,  - . ?          ?...
Biology meetings about to get lit!
Id like to see miranda do this while she watches yours

I'm stunned. Wow. This is so good.
Wait what whys hes voice sound like that
Holy shit, this is a great analysis
I really need your support guys
why do u do that
Lovely 
North Korea doesn't want to nuke, or fight, with the US.  \nNorth Korea only wants to frighten the US enough so that they, North Korea, can retake South Korea.  If the US gets involved in such a war, North Korea will lose but if North Korea can scare off the US (or at least delay it) it could win. Will the US be willing to possibly get Seattle or L.A. nuked to save South Korea?  North Korea doesn't think so.
Beets, bears, battlestar galactica\n-Dwight K. Schrute, The Office
I'm so exited it is also out in the netherlands I thought I had to wait months before I could read it!

HELL YEAH!
Please sub to me and like this comment.
Kiss fans are gangs members now wow
You look ded
Fairy floss is cotton candy..lol
The 77 inch is $15,000 holy cow!
PAUSE AT 15:29, ur welcome
Girl you didn't need the Devil's help for that LMAO
gigabyte of DOOM
Laughing so hard at the guy trying to sell you guys drugs xD haha
This is why The Alt-Right exists. Remember when SNL was funny?
Sounds like spooky scary skeletons
Congrats on being #20 on the trending list! Good for you.
Option B) access flask in X formation,  try to drain flask while falling from a plane and fail miserably.  Next, maneuver head down with arms extended forward in order to achieve minimum drag and reach terminal velocity, once you do tuck the arms and enjoy the ride and the fact your not gonna feel s$%^.     Considering how 2017 is going. just how much time do you think your buying?
wheres Zach??
MANDELA EFFECT CHARTREUCE is PINK not GREEN
You look related to miranda even without her makeup on
He is considered #5 best banjo player in the WORLD. Love the SCR Band. Long time from SNL host and the Smothers Brothers writer.

If I am already a master, what you call me now?
\n\nToo Good At Goodbyes\n\nSam Smith\n\nBuy for 1,29\n\nSUBSCRIBE\n\nSubscribe to Google Play Music and listen to this song and millions of other songs. First month free.\n\nLyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Can you please do videos about Pirates of the Caribbean? There are so many plot holes that need an explanation!
TRUMP 2020
Maybe you think you know yourself but your mama thinks she knows better but your psychiatrist says you're both wrong then the priest says nah you're all clueless...none knows the 100% truth so there is no such thing as you...or they ..just an idea
[Verse 1]\nMy ex used to tell me I'm flawless\nWhile laying low with all the girls\nBelieved him when he said he was honest\nThen blame myself when I got hurt\nMy ex used to tell me I'm selfish\nBut never did he put me first\nIgnore me and he do it on purpose\nJust to have the last word\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nBut now you wanna love me, who knows what you'll find\nIt won't be easy, but I'm down for the ride\nJust remember\nYou're not my ex, no\nI know I can be trouble, Lord knows that it's hard\nIt won't be simple and I'll give you my heart\nJust remember\nI'm not your ex\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm fallin' for you, you're fallin' for me\nI won't promise I won't hurt again\nI can promise we won't be like them\nI'm fallin' for you, you're fallin' for me (baby)\nI won't promise I won't walk away\nI can promise it won't be the same\n\n[Verse 2]\nMy ex used to tell me No male friends\nCut 'em off if you really care\nI will go away a couple days, hundred girls at his place\nGames night, truth or dare\nMy ex used to tell me You're so chill\nThen steal my phone, so I couldn't leave, yes\nHad to climb on his mouth 'cause he now put me down\nThank God, I set me free\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nCause now you wanna love me, who knows what you'll find (mm)\nIt won't be easy, but I'm down for the ride\nJust remember\nYou're not my ex, mmm\nI know I can be trouble, Lord knows that it's hard\nIt won't be simple and I'll give you my heart\nJust remember\nI'm not your ex\nYe-ye-ye-yes\n\n[Chorus]\nI'm fallin' for you, you're fallin' for me\nI won't promise I won't hurt again\nI can promise we won't be like them\nI'm fallin' for you, you're fallin' for me\nI won't promise I won't walk away\nI can promise it won't be the same\n\n[Outro]\nNo, ooh, yeah\nIt won't be the same (yeah)\nIt won't be the same (no, no)\nIt wont be the same\nI'm fallin' for you, you are fallin' for me (you are)\nI won't promise I won't hurt again\nI can promise we won't be like them\nYour ex\nAnd I'm not your ex\nYou're not my ex\nYou're not my ex\nMmm, mmm, mmm
nature has created very cool things^^
oh my gosh he's so cute i love his short hair but it makes me want to cry because he grew up so fast \n_cuz logic_ oml 
Here am I interacting
*who wants to be a millionaire music plays*
okay I'd love to have that bat tho, I have no hope of seeing one live so yeah
*AS CLEAR AS CRYSTAL PEPSI*
God damn corporate greed.
Do an all pink nicki minaj pink print cupcake!!
can i just give a big thank you to ally's stylist she looks so good
Anyone else pause here (3:40) and get frustrated? XD
All that I can say is... thank you, Mr. Cohen, thanks for the good music and the company.
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
If there is any privilege, it is those who have wealth, who are above the law. Like the near 1,000 NFL athletes that have been arrested with very few ever getting punished.  If White privilege exists, it is because the ancestry of Whites have invented and built every fucking thing on this planet, stolen by the wealthy....   White privilege is an excuse low IQ Whites and minorities use as an excuse to justify their lack of success.  It is a feel good for you people. poor me, if it weren't for White privilege i would be wealthy.  Poor me, i am held down by the man. My GED and sub 80 IQ have nothing to do with it.
I'm dying over your sparkle tank AND camo jacket.... can you tell us where they're from?!!!
THAT EVIL PRESIDENT TRUMP (sarcasm for you Libs) > Reporting: Social Security beneficiaries will receive a 2% cost-of-living payment increase next year. The increase is based on rising wages and prices, and is the highest since 2012,  Benefits rose less than half a percent this year, and didnt rise at all in 2016. BECAUSE OBAMA HATES THE AMERICAN ELDERLY... #TRUMP2020 will be a Landslide Win
I actually love your douchebag cousin.
No, he doesn't have a case. He's not the same player. He had a slew of injuries the past few years.
Dear Ryan can u make a new human iPod
StoneThug.com
0:57 all  i can think about is episode of Black Mirror : White Bear \nIf you haven't watched this show i reccomend it :)
Does anyone know what happened to jack? He hasn't posted in awhile.
all of the makeup in the world can't hide your ugly
Hey Mayim! This is a great video, but I think you should examine your view of sex work. Paying for porn or other sex work services such as strip clubs or escorts is directly giving income to women who are doing their job. Please don't tell people to not go to strip clubs when strippers are paying their bills with that money.
Catherine Jenner is back vocal? I really didn't know 
Ariel is amazing hands down! lol
Absolutely love that you guys are making more plant-based dishes on Brothers Green! The vegans and animals are thanking you both
Depi bouda yo grate yo yo lague nan bouda haiti
Taco Bell man hahahaha
Car crashes will be on a all time high.
This is seriously so gorgeous! You look like a frickin goddess!
How is this not animal abuse...

Cancer
2017 !
Luke Evans is amazing he has my last name ppl
UPS
Bit shit lets be honest
wil san ako pwde maka kuha o maka bili nang chongo cap mo?
So genuine..I like Aaron more and more..he just wants to be loved just like everybody else in the universe..im hating that ppl are giving him such a hard time and talking shit..Nobody knows anything about what is truly going on in someone's life to judge anybody..We need to shut that shit down and have compassion for one another..
I am watching the hell outta this trailer tonight
(Dances)  THIS MEH JAM
you know what,  I noticed you were trending too. I think the reason why is because of tags and title of the video? perhaps no one from YouTube screened your video prior deciding whether it gets on the trending list or not.
BOOM
She doesn't even opened the lip liner  and the way the she showed Jordan what spot or what eye she hasn't even touch was hilarious 
Please sub to my YouTube channel! For more DIY's also please help me hit 100 subs! I would very much appreciate it.
They all knew about it,i suppose with him taking the heat,all Hollywood producers will be ringing in favour s now
lol
Gadgikts
We dont need netting just pay attention there are warning in the stadium saying that you need to pay attention for balls leaving the game zone.
beautiful
HeS dumb
Man I'm thinking this fina be some Kanye solo album news.
I LOVE IT !!!!
MORE LASER
That was really funny
Omg you have the cutest family! I love how relatable you two are! It's so refreshing!
MULLiN 2 KD 1 
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan, it didn't get in the final cut:(((\nIt would be my favorite scene then
http://blackmeninamerica.com/tennis-there-is-a-new-sheriff-in-town-sloane-stephens/ Sports in America where it is never as simple as Black and White!
Doncic for EU President!
This was heartwarming and sad at the same time, C&H are able to make some really edgy content yet still make these 'feels' ones at the same time.  I am glad you guys just left it at this and didn't make some goofy ending.
Plz give me 1 iphone SE beause i m your old subscriber plzzzz
I hate the way he talks, like, he swichtes between a high tone to a low...
What is a guitar hero send help
Since you Apparently take Suggestions according to your About Sections, Maybe you should do one on Extinct Sharks (E.G Cardabiodon, Cretoxyrhina, Megalodon, Otodus, Hybodus Etc)
A person in my family is allergic to almond can I use something elese
YouTubes trending page is really just paid promotion with Groucho glasses on.
People from Phoenix are called Phoenicians.
IT VERKS
That building at minuet 6:00 is pretty fricken sick\n\nMakes me think of the Jetsons or somethin lol
you actually look really good in those round glasses i love how they look on you!
Yeah I'm not getting in your car \nwhite people singing we all know how that turns out \n
Anyone have a snickers to throw at Mother Nature. Shes one hangry, salty witch lately.
So they can receive photos from 900 million miles away but my wifi cuts out if i walk upstairs...
Why can't people just say pennywise?
Guys u r good
Just why??!!! This channel just died
Meaningless outside the US
Goddamn wetbacks deserved it, they took our jobs!!!!
Doesn't H pylori cause inflammation by increasing acid levels in the stomach?
Give this is a LIKE if you wished Amber was your BFF!!!!!!!............ - Ashanti
I think I ship them \n\nWait\n\nNever mind I still ship Anthony and Ian.
so beautiful
Choose your own adventure books on screen...could be AWESOME.
and now compare the recent iphone presentation with this one. wtf has apple been doing in the last year???
Lebron literally said the people wasn't educated. That is not proper english. I can't believe people actually listen to what he says. I can understand loving him for his amazing basketball skills but Lebron, please just keep your mouth shut when it comes to politics. You have no clue what you are talking about.
My favorite part is when it cuts the toothpaste tube. It looks so awesome.
I self identify as the President of the World and I find this video fucking offensive!!!  SHUT IT DOWN!!!
hehe (insert video length here) hehehehehe
HATE WHAT BICH
omg i can't stop laughing lol
That sausage man is just like Brad! I love them 
K U N G S 
spot on. Check out me swiping tinder girls on my channel.
I'm always that one asian girl in my group with lowkey no eyelashes and if I have any eyelashes they're growing downwards.. SIGH!
Not gonna be driving anymore!
Scott is giving off dressed up for church vibes.
Beautiful
This dudes videos r always funny
I'm impressed they got Bjork to voice a kid. That's intense.
pretty damn skookum!
Sadie R.     
I like Niana's new hairstyle 
What talented babes good lawd
You almost lost me with the opening; thought it was a Taylor Swift video and Id died and went to hell, somehow.
Salute to Wanda for getting through all of them. Killed it.
White kid: what is chicken and waffles\nBlack kid: yaaaaa chicken and waffles
Hilarious story!!
Amber I wanna go shopping with you  we have same taste 
But how could it be every cat if the other cat isn't doing it?
Hola like si hablas espaol
This guy could probably convince me to eat my own poop in my toilet. Sorry tmi.
Respect whamen
Wait a minute.... Have you been doing this in Prezi the whole time?
Can anyone with asthma answer this survey please. This is for my dissertation and everything will be kept anonymous. THANK YOU \nhttps://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/6S2XZ9D
Did he upload this from his fake YouTube account?? #ThunderUp
My father has a Indian restaurant in shizuoka japan but we can't do profit I really wanna continue his restaurant.... And I really want a suggestion to make profit  n I'm 19..
Well I sure hope that it will be cheaper electricity but in Portugal I bet the government will apply some kind of tax that will double the price or even triple.... it's a shame .....
Thank you for this amazing song David.  I inspired
Aw shit I'm so going to hell... I have played 1st to 3rd gen
Screen Junkies talking about Grindcore 
Do I ever go anywhere fancy that I can wear the collection to? No. \nWill I still buy heaps of the collection? Yes.
Whose self-righteous bandwagon-jumping opinions do you find more annoying, Trevor or Piers?
It's DAH-leks!
Is Jed Back??? 
Looks like PUSSY
Isn't this kind of sexist
EVO-DEVO\nHOX GEEENNNNNEEEEESSS!!!!
As a hard determinist, I believe that even our thoughts and personal decisions are beyond our design. As we cannot control the biological and chemical functions of our brain, the traits given to us by our genetic code, or the external stimuli that influence us, since our consciousness, judgement, perception and decision making ability are directly tied to our brain (precisely our frontal lobe), and as there is no perceivable way to test the concept of free will (since time is unchangeable), the existence of free will, the concept of randomness, and the perception of possibility are purely based on faith. Scientifically, every event can hypothetically be predicted through calculation, as all matter exists under the laws of nature and physics.
Your skin is so flawless  love you girl!
David look like he went to the top of the mountain came back speaking the word of god
Keep Rocking Kid! Been listen to you since my Daddio threw the New Cocky CD in the radio 16 years ago, Keep on Keepin on!
bella heedeed is def gon get shot indeed
Fuck, I fell in love with all of them! What now? :D
Awww the frog outfit was so cute....you could have been a mistletoad or a bellhop.....
Laughing out loud :D
Do a bad lip reading of The Hobbit/ LOTR movies!
Congratulations on a spectacular project! I've watched the Cassini mission from liftoff until it's final brilliant image. You all should be proud of what you have accomplished. The information we have learned is undoubtedly going peak our curiosity about other planets and their moons. Saturn's beauty and mysteries will be forever engrained in my life. Thank you so very much! 
0:28 trying to stay motivated, Mr. Chan?
Jackie can you do a nail video! \nU R so funny! Guurrlll give milk their\nMakeup back, and get your hard earned coins back!  Nope!
news on sabrina?
Martina, you are an AMAZING human being. And so is Simon!!
God is punishing the red states because they voted for Trump. Karma is a bitch!
Nick kroll doesn't believe in evolution!? I'm sorry Nick, but despite what your opinion is, evolution is a fact.
dirty jew
They tortured a mouse in the name of science so bad that even it's descendents were born in fear.
I did not get this the first time I heard it.   I guess after hearing about Weinstein so many times it makes more sense  and it's funnier and yet more disturbing now.
Why is this trending 
that thigh gap is real\n\nI am sure whatever fuckboy you have in the background does\n
ABC report on. Clintons uranium dealings. Not this nonsense. Obama ,Hillary ,Mueller ,Holden off to prison.
there's no free speech here. only safe spaces for liberal snowflake dumbfucks.
I can't breath.!! she's soooooooo cute!!
Thing is,The NEW Star Trek movies were sort of prequel/sequel to the original Star Trek, as with Star Wars Prequels & OG trilogies of Star Wars,Blade runner 2049 & Blade Runner,etc... hence,it makes a logical sense to CONTINUE the established iconic themes in their movies. John Williams' Superman Theme is from The Original Superman movie,which IS NOT a part of DCEU's continuity.
I want house number 1
Cut Da Silva
I know the chances are low that Clone Wars will ever return, but please, for the love of god, after Rebels, finish the planned episodes like the Utapau arc, Bad Batch, Cad Bane, and the Siege of Mandalore.  That will at least give closure to us diehard fans and will reduce the complaining.
400 Blows for the French film question.
this is the most beautiful thing i've ever seen.
Damn!
I'm the only one excited for The Punisher XD.
This.\n\nThis is the stuff that deserves to be on trending
Jajajjaja
Revive #OldStyleLinus! #OldLTTFeels
I'm waiting for this moment so long. ..finally I will have my 3d printer(  and I will be the first Arabic in the world  review thes printer in Arabic language      )
Claire, wondering where that darling pink multicolored cosmetic bag is from? I love it! 
Do one with the packers
But where are these terrorists attacks? Where are the reports? Deaths? Injuries? There are constant reports of attacks from leftwing radicals, constant reports of attacks from radical islamists, constant reports of attacks in places like the Philippines from religious radicals.
Is anyone actually excited for the Han Solo film? Personally I think it's a money grab, yet almost everyone I've talked to or see comment says the same thing.  Who is this film trying to market to if everyone thinks it sounds stupid?
#yiayholiday. International forehead day
I love your makeup that looks soo good
Officially the greatest of all the vlogbrothers videos.
calling his own company's rankings garbage. i fuckin love it lmao
who else saw the giant fidget spinner right off the bat?
The song was ok but im glad she made a new song
Amazing
Atura ou surta
Rocha: Kids...I don't believe in 'em.\nSinead:  Holy shit, does that work?!\nHarrison:  *doin' baby shit*\nSinead: *whispers* Is it possible to learn this power?\nRocha: Not from a Jedi...
why would you let kids try expired chicken? they gonna have salomoneylla
I was already really super excited for fall and then I watched this and I'm even MORE excited for fall!!!!! Thank you Casey!! Now I'm probably going to go to B&BW for candles... (when they're on sale of course) :)
He needs to shave that dumbass goatee
Who's Jesse Williams? An I recall always standing for the National Anthem and I am 30.
One more thing... \nIf you send a dick pick to your homie and he screen shot, who gay?
YAY YAY YAY SO MUCH LOVE FOR YOU <3
subscribe to my channel CJ Collins                                                                                                   \n   or         ..... -------=================[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[[\\n                                                                    [[[[[\[[[[[[[[[[[[\\n                                                                         ]         [[[[[[\
How did you mount the powercube in the Katana Frame? It looks like the srews holding the arm are the same holding the FC? With a Powercube, you cannot use four steel screws, and plastic ones won't be strong enough to hold the arm? This frame looks amazing!
The U.K is not divided on wether to use celsius or fahrenheit at all, we *only* use celsius. I cant think of a single situation in which fahrenheit has been used here since schools stopped bothering to teach it in the 60s, because it was a useless thing to learn.
Thats Rocks mid morning snack
MAGIC
Can Link breathe in through his anus?
Why is Dunkin' Donuts so popular anyway? They suck and everybody knows it!\n(I mean the company, not their products)
I make videos sometimes and sometimes I don't. XD  Stay silly and wonderful Gracie. :D
plant everything in the shade. and shine porch lights on it all night long.
god damn it\n\nalright subscribing
*waiting for james to do the timtam slam*
YOU SCRATCH MY BACK AND I'LL SCRATCH YOURS. MCCAIN ONLY GETTING THIS AWARD FROM THE DEMS BECAUSE HE VOTED NO 2X ON HEALTHCARE BILL REPEAL AND REPLACEMENT. HE'S NO HERO TRUMP WAS RIGHT!
surprising based on how many dicks he takes up his anus
Everyone is laughing - even though its not really funny. Except maybe understood as very dark sarcasm. Serial sexual harassment and rape - how HILARIOUS!  LOL
Omg...can you say OVERACTING?  Annoying squeaky voice....
Yea wth he on here talking about anyways get him off of here messing up her music 
Do Kweku Collins please
please o please coyote Peterson get stung by a tarantula and olso when are you going to use a epi pen
Wow 
Bear hands vibe?
I would love to see the day where he goes to another team and all the supplicants who lick the ground he walks on start spitting on his name.
As someone who lives in Melbourne I can confirm that pretty much nowhere has nice toilet paper. Not restaurants, not hotels, not anywhere. It's a bad time.
That went political real fast. That butt stock was a bad choice, according to this guy. He shouldve thought of something much more effective. #Dipshit.
slap in 16gb of ram and a SSD usb3 drive ... works fine (late 2012 model)
Have fun with your new apple.
Jim!!!!
what a useless novelty. note: they'll probably sell a million of them
I think its ice cream
Mix all your nail polish or perfume!
I caught that Ice Cube reference....
She didnt show proof she was allergic  It clearly states on the ticket MAY be exposed to animals she knew what she was dealing with. And why yell at someone to get their dogs off the plane ? They payed as much as you. Maybe if she asked them to seat her somewhere else it would be easy but no she overreacted
Multiple protagonist Jaegers? I hope they combine into a bigger robot!
I'm really happy for you  loving some of the pieces in your collection.
Thats shat she gets for lying if she had a lofe threatening allergy she would of not boarded the plabe and had her paperwork with her what a crazy stupid lady
All of u ppl here are so salty about the glitching thing being water
Wait - Mexico City, Mexico, or Mexico City, county of Los Angeles?
Diddy ugly ass worth over 500 million and he's out here asking all you broke people to donate what little you have!
Cantina Band music would've been better 
I need this to be a series

My grandmother is literally a few centimetres higher than me
Your hair looks so healthy & shinny, what do you use & do you hair a hair care routine? Would love to know, thanks!
This is more for like an event/party for prego woman lol when I was prego I wore the black dress outfit and long brown thick heelsfor thanksgiving
What the hell is this video? I dont understand whats going on
Subscribe please...
Goed gedaan! Have bovenal succes en 'we zien wel wat het oplevert'.
Please never stop making videos...
I love this. 
She hella white
Sorry guys, I don't often turn off a GMM video, but the crew shouldn't laugh every time either Rhett or Link open their mouths. It's very distracting, at least turn them down in the mix
I love him so much 
This bunny did more slam dunks in a minute than me in my entire life
The new movie is pretty good,...still love the original best tho
Woah
Bulbasaur
This will get a billion views because it's soppy and people are weak and needy and useless.
thats spicy dishh\n\n\nhahahhaa lol\n\nwhy.... trevor.... why
Take a look at the charger haha\nhttp://amzn.to/2f59rju
NO SPOILER 13 WORD REVIEW: To read this novel is to experience the most painful kind of beauty.
I absolutely adore how simplistic but AESTHETIC this video is. it fits with the song beautifully, and i'm in awe. \nWhat a beautiful piece EDEN!
But does it have a headphone jack?
1:30 background music DNA BTS 
i feel like this painting might haunt my dreams ;_;
8:37-8:42 when she says BITCH IM 440 . This review was great
Another 911 type of terrorist like bush did 911 we ain't stupid let's make Trump look bad
Unrelated but can you do a workout routine video?
The girlfriend is pissing me of 
I expected more.

I love Kylie so much  keep doing you boo
John!!!!! You should extend your book tour to Canada :D
2:05 SHE'S WEARING KRISTEN'S MERCH!!!! AND GRACE IS ONE OF KRISTEN'S FAV YOUTUBERS!!
Sounds like Katy perry chained to the rhythm
I Don't know why everyone is making a big deal of something that never happened, just look at all the YouTube videos showing its just a Hoax! Lmao
Yeah Dvil is a hair darker. That deep red I would say is rose petal velvet red. Nice.
This is on trending number 10
 !!
This uncertain and stressful situation, when it comes to the fact that 85% of their electric current is generated using oil,  can be a place where Nuclear technology can be proven. The startup company  TRANSATOMIC POWER, and many more all ready have a next generation reactor technology. Great video about it is at this very same channel. VOX! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poPLSgbSO6k&feature=youtu.be
Seth Mcfarlane is like the Superman of Comedians (the look the voice, etc.). This dude is great and would love to see him do more comedy. he is REALLY REALLY good. And the most edgy in my opinion.
Where is the 9 directly 10
Kys
Ugh payday is on Friday can't see it till this weekend.
A nice schvitz 
I love your energy ...
Why is it so hardddd to wait for the mv ? Can't wait for teaser2. I feel like most songs in the album are gonna be laid back and happy go lucky. They've used pastel and vibrant colors everywhere- in teaser photos, in the album. This new era is gonna be LIT !!!
it was her mistake and their mistake too BUT she didn't take responsibility and while her dancers kept it professional and tried to keep the show going she embarrassed herself plus her outfit was awful and didn't fit her age at all
I couldn't love this more!!
Your graphics are  lol strange compliment but I love them 
*screeching*
I fucking love you man
Posting this being 99% sure this wouldn't be on yiay.
Best video by far
You sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hot I wish I was dating you so bad
Today is My birthday!\nCan i have a birthday sub?\nComment Subbed and ill do the same!
I still have no idea what the triplet thing is like not a single clue
Congratulations MKBHD . Hope you get many more .
I love mushrooms too
What store is this ?
wtff that douche Barton doing there?
Wanda Sykes, one of the funnier episodes!
Instagram- VincentFred003. iphone 8- I'll like to win barbecue i don't have a phone and that is really hard. sophomore in high school
I love you and the new music is sooo good Jacob
0:56 she has 200 texts wtf?!?!?
from tangier with love
sam is awesomeeee
Where is this studio? I think I have seen it before in some Beach Body videos. LOVE YOU SHANIA!
Incredibly inspiring!!! I saw a clip on evening news & went hunting for full video. \nThese days are so dark & scary, but their voices carry hope  their beautiful voices shine light to help us get to the flipside\n
Why not call hurricane super ultra mega destroyer of worlds 3001 so people would be evacuating? instead of some stupid name
Thank God for June 9th in Pittsburgh
Cheronica!!!!!
Damn I wanna visit Japan :'(
This is how i finna kill myself
PLZ DONT MAKE ME HUNGRYYY
the is definitely a hell boy prequel
That has gotta be jojis older brother.
Love how his guitar wasn't plugged in
wow didn't realise danny was back man did i miss his voice
Meditate every day. Meditate. After 30 years of trying everything...
Nooooo to horror films! Not at all!! 
Fuckin' racist
She's gorgeous.
This trailer makes me wanna be a marine scientist, and Im terrified of the ocean
Hey its vinny vinesauce teaching me how to make rope.
Going to be an intriguing fight, but it could easily be a 5 rounds of boredom. GSP going for the takedowns, Bisping defending, exchanging jabs, Bisping moving around, GSP getting the takedown, holding Bisping down, Bisping defending and not threatening from the ground, yawnnnnnn
no, we're not. Because, computers haven't been here forever.
Can it get any more scripted. Wtf. Fake as f@#k liars. What a joke. LMFAO. You people are so rediculous. Who believes this crap.
         
I always thought of already being dead and right now living the afterlife.
Beautiful song
they look like mummies
You should've died with vine
Z-moe; i go on kyrie to assist, yet i was thinking about i came here and the growth nah i doubt there being a established base community after obama administration i notorious for my siction i speak eloquently to grasp a whaf the ----from a you, a user. another me, i speak well i aint touched ball since 14 and unlike pg-13 AD KD steph russ class ahead seem bit more united i is there a me at 29 right niw everybody know but nobody if it is, you know thats bottom line, i couldnt stay ballin albeit i wanted till forever, but the question Squire james, hehehe member win skippy skip use to be like n-word la brick, jordan had season off played mlb, he had season off came back three straight do u feel basketball world can account a storyline you can depart and possibly play wit you son, being that newer lions younger legs that keep that pace when 250 odd something days off along wit vinos german doctor friend you guys view vince carter n mcgrady and jordans last game it was fish out of water feels, lebron u be on that stage eventually, dont do it lakers expense tho, like sign with lakers next season, then whike in max extension take that time off and 5 years i probably stop #failforcigs i think is madden watch
Yes
Wonderful 
The accent gives away the fact that this is a joke lol
imagine when u date with Daniel and this happen
take me to the land institute plz! I want to apprentice there!
Good tune!
ok this is ugly tesla better then this outo pilot. door handles open on there own. it costs less 44 thousand to 100 thousand
The subtle 5/7 meme there at the end was an amazing touch. Haven't seen any of your videos yet but I'm gonna fix that. Excellent work.
I saw a Juggalo documentary, they're really accepting, say they are a big family, have parties together. You don't have to like their music, just don't hate them for that.
They will make these standalone films and it will be connected to the DCEU larger universe. Matt Reeves wants to make his batman film close to home but there will be easter eggs to the larger universe. In the end everything will be connected.
IM A DOG PERSON AND TRUSTWORTHY!
really well done, as always
I just created 50 pounds of anti matter, so where's my 1 trillion dollars???
This has gotta be a CATastrophe\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAre you kitten me? Stop it with the puns!\nAnother pun, and I'm gonna become CATatonic\nPlease help me I PURRgot what my name is\nHelp me I word forget like meanings and questions bean apple forever crying apple apple apple apple apple apple\nAhbwi aoajdnmwo sokajsk skjsnis xisjkwnizk wijsjajsh sijsjsjiwj Ijwnwjlws.d.........\n.....................\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThis comment was found on the computer of a 19-year old man in Russia. His name is Alexi Cherekov \nHe died from an apparent stroke
Ayy fuck Americans we don't have any of these
I have no idea why, but I feel the sudden urge to grab a McDonald's, and order an Uber to the nearest Fiat dealership.
The iPhone 8 camera is so much better, why buy the go pro 5 or 6. Im staying with the iPhone.
It's been one hell of a day it was nice to end it with tears that had some hope in them. Thank you Maren and Vince... well said.
Why can't Helen Keller drive?\n\n\n\n\n\n\nShe's dead
Love you Carli!!!
Her daughter's going to be eating a different kind of raw meat in the future if you know what I mean ;)
It sucks everywhere.
Sooo if you disappear once no one remembers you, does that mean Hitler would live forever? Because he's going to be in history books for a long time....
K so I'm a 6'3 fatass and I couldn't eat more than 6.
Sending my condolences to you and your family 
Haha let them stay on their knees like their father taught them. True Americans always stand up.
what did we do to deserve ed sheeran
AMAZING!
Who let the 40 year old overweight soccer mom on the stage??
como asi que de primero en tendencias paso a segundo!!??? GO! coloquemosla de nuevo de #1go
wow, best in my life
watching for fifth harmony
He never disappoints. Dances like this are why Mark is my favorite pro!!
You have way too much time on your hands
That escalated quickly.
I love watching your videos either way!!:) love this look!!!:))) your amazing!!!
Your face! You showed your face! 
holy shit those girl's vocals were amazing
this song is honestly the best one I have heard recently. 
Broke his hollows mask
Alex where is your new vlogs waiting for your new  vlogs i cant wait...
What does that means I like to learn more about Jewish traditions
1:45 Is so funny to me
Lmfao I'm a bruin and I had to run real quick to Janss Steps to make sure that bust wasn't really there.  I tripped out for a sec
Looked like a straight Blu-Ray trailer
Plz do more high protein snacks !
Her vocal control is crazy!  LOVE HER!
Well, it didnt escalate quickly after all.
WTF ZEUS, FIRST PHAETHON NOW ARNOLD!
Fucken get gassed m8
That's pretty dumb but I'm pretty sure only business owners take more than a single day to do their taxes. I can do mine in like 30 minutes
lol can you make a part 2
She's sassy, real  and all that.. but sorry, her live rapping is not as good unlike queen Nicki Minaj < 3
Could yousendtherecipe
This review actually made me more interested in the movie. I am not a fan of horror movies, which is exactly what the preview made it appear to be.
I will be so pissed if my local theater doesn't play this
yo solo vine a aqui por la historia de chloe 
Dogs in their natural habitat. *barks*
Pt.2: The only downside is hearing The Miz gloating and boasting until then. It will be so annoying.
Perfect for this random gloomy LA weather thank you!!
maybe 0:59 is page 250..
Trkler burdam 
bruh this song is old asf. i dont know why people didn't know it already
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
I'm done.\n*WELL DONE!!!*\n
Can you interview grace vanderwaal next, please?
Hi, hw u make videos, wt softwares do u us...
*Am I still black ??? lmfao*
that accident must've been pretty serious to break your leg like that
I would name my water bear Tsunami because they can survive harsh conditions like space and they're named water bear so... yeah
Bonita !!!
This does look interesting, but the acting seems a little off for how talented the actors are so I assume it was intentional. It just seems like one of those movies where all your questions and the mystery is revealed in a single scene and you could get most of the story in just a few minutes. Its just about the tension and not knowing.
I like how you are switching it up. Good job man.
Season looks great!!! And it looks like they're not doing confessionals in their homes now, background picture on a screen behind them... It's a milestone season 10 with the OGs back they definitely deserve and need a new look intro I think! 
BEKFAST! (EAT ME FOR LIFE!) SUBSCRIBE AND LIKE FOR MORE BEKFAST!!
Absolutely useless. All that carefully scripted verbiage just sounds like a cover for being frightened and weak. Fools nobody. (nightmare for all the simultaneous translaters to keep up as well) She could have done with a quarter of the words, none of the repetition and a bit of blunt steel! But no. Worst British PM of all time, a hand picked naive establishment marionette with neither clout nor credibility at this crucial stage. Shame on her AND her dismal team.
I get the comedic sense of this video, but in all seriousness... you'd make a great fashion blogger. I was expecting parody outfits, but these actually look great!\nPS. Someone get this girl a Dior ad so she can rock a pantsuit in next month's Vogue!
I love the little scuttly noise the microbes make w
So this is where she ends up after getting buried?
Shit
Now I am going to be disappointed when the story doesn't flow like this, you guys did a good job I want to see THIS movie.
This type of drama is happening in the forest every day. We are so lucky that the Internet is helping us to see this, while we sit in our chairs and drink a strawberry shake.\n\nNature is great in HD :-)
PANCAKE ART CHALLENGE
http://www.crowdermusic.com/\nFacebook : @crowdermusicofficial\nTwitter : @crowdermusic\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fsKoK9yLE0&index=1&list=PLThUGLVFSH9ptXEMyj_K7xwn0xOTVm7Ps&t=14s
Oh my god, I am beyond hyped. \nBring me the 17th
Feel like a scrub, but I don't get this.
lithium batteries have about 1/100th the energy density of jet fuel. Lithium batteries don't get lighter as you discharge them. A major technological breakthrough will be needed before electric aircraft become practical.
I don't think it matters honestly. Its ambiguous for a reason.
O_O what is this beautiful sequel you have given
Beautiful candy, skilled narration, and incredible cinematography. Amazing!
Wow. An insightful review from Jeremy Jahns that stands above his peers. Amazing.
Mmmmm Andy and Ryan are so sexy 
Ur mom goes to college
New tomato record set by Dan Sutherland
was I the only one who heard a fart at 5:47
When my life looks dark and I don't see any reason in doing anything or achieving anything in life, I go on youtube and watch this man's videos. Chef John, you're what gets me up in the morning. You're the voice of God (or some other higher power). I'm sure of it
I don't like the narrator .... His voice isn't interesting
This is why we have trust issues
Jon Snow went Eddard Stark on Ygritte  oh poor Rose 
I wanna work there
I think I had read a book a lonf time ago where a woman gets eyes transplanted and her personality starts to change to that of the donor  and she becomes very paranoid while another person who got a heart surgery also changes in personality and both do a total 180 degree flip... but tht donor was possessed or somthinf so thay thig becomes part of these two.
Super intresting! I might watch it.
One of the few things that keeps me grateful about being born in this messed up world, is to be able to witness one of the greatest musical minds of modern times creating this kinds of worlds and emotions. I can't be thankful enough. Honestly, she is truly living history.
Oh, video about Love Live! trending in the U.S.\n\nNever seen this before.
another neat feature of Hondas is garbage airbags they subcontracted - they replaced my airbags three times TWICE FOR THE DRIVER'S SIDE. i drove a car with a faulty safety system for a freaking decade. done w Honda
Does anyone know if Taylor has tried the Double Wear Light? \nSharon Farrell here on YouTube says it's her favorite. She's lighter complected and has oily skin. Thinking Taylor might like it also...?\nBtw if you don't know Sharon, go check her out. She's a awesome! Does amazing vlogs too. I feel like a lot of Taylor's subscribers would like Sharon. Good for the smart, more mature audience.
No money for the street car? Let them drive by car!
FUCK YOUUUUU!!!!! YOU RUINED TOM PETTY
this is really great!
Garbage, evil settler state. Free Palestine.
Not even gonna mention how the geeky guy is Taika Waititi? You know, the famous New Zealand comedy director? Making the new Thor movie? Anything? No? Well... okay then.
Feels like I'm watching an episode of South Park!
How ironic is this, I missed a superfruit notification, because I was doing a superfruit binge 
PLEASE, do more videos on psychopaths in film.  There are so many different types.
I like the first one it was so easy
I LOVE HER y'all thinking that she raps bad but im CERTAINLY okay with it
Haha lol did that fucker magically survive?
she grew up!!
I would chooses healing
Natalia you so cute
omg I love it !!!
2:20
ATURA OU SURTAAAAA
AMAZING.
HAHAHA BLOWN THE FUCK OUT REPUBLITARDS! TRUMPS DAYS ARE NUMBERED! LOOK AT THIS CONSERVACUCK TAKE A BREAK BECAUSE HE FUCKED UP BAHAHAH! IMPEACH TRUMP!
I understand everything but my dad dont speak english and i rly want to see this short film with him together. Warner can you make german subtitles ? Thanks :)
When you see something is trending but it's absolute garbage. I think I lost brain cells watching this clip.
I wish i could ACTUALLY see the clothes
If your friend sent you this, it's for a reason\n\nI don't have any friends... T^T
He literally brought it back two minutes later after driving it around. \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
What do you call a priest who becomes a lawyer?\n\nA father in law.
No thanks
This was the first of your videos I watched, I watched the whole thing. Very impressed with the level of detail, I feel like I could answer anyone's questions about this if I were to build it. Do a collaborative with Grant Thompson from king of random! He's been doing a ton of joint videos with other similar youtubers. I think I'll go watch another
India is the only superpower, the most powerful and strongest on this planet . \nThe rest world are just fking jealous to suicide. \nEven India stops developing for 50 years, the rest world can't reach our asshole still !!!\nIndia is destined to take over the world. \nLong live India\nLong live Modi, the best in universe.
THIS TRAILER IS 100% RAW!
Was your 200K subscriber...sent you a mssg on ista
Oh my gosh! Thank you so much Media Galactic! #teamstark
honoring the men in makeup too! Thanks Nic so much, this means so much to someone like me. much love from Orlando! xoxo
Being disrespectful and then going back to everything you say, cuz money is never enough. #ill-manneredchild
cute! Pusheen is a girl BTW! Good luck in college!
i cant listen to any man that wears nail polish..sorry just can't.
Its the 7 plus
0.01- Hi. \nMe: FUCK YOU FRANK!
California's next.
Did he call him a fucking donut?
I thought that Nasrat dude was Kelvin Gastellum for a sec lol
That's what you get when you marry an American woman I guess.
so *ANNOYING*
Got em all right
WRONG TRENDING PAGE YOUTUBE
Why does Apple still exist in 2017?
my name is maria and my dad used to tell me im like a hurricane in the morning,, oh
that robot.... looked so bad
She looks so different
Isn't that iPhone 7
Wtf is this real?
My iPhone 7 gave me a 10% battery notification during this video. It was pretty good timing I guess.
This. This right here is kind of YouTube videos I want to see on the trending page. A1
I watch your videos over n over. Because somehow your personality is kind of soothing to me. Im in bed suffering from fever and watching your videos because i cant seem to bear any other youtuber in this condition.  from India.
Yo that shit is fire son. Keep it up.
No hate but this reminds me of the vine where the guy says BITCH IM ON 12 XANAX~!
Errm where's the cordon and bomb squad to sort out that bomb that failed to detonate properly lmfao\n\nCome on people move along,\nWalk straight past bomb on your left please.....
Will forever change the way you look at Wonder Woman.\nOh! Boy!
We all know it's shit so what's the point?
This video was too long. I'm dead now.
Nice!

this song deserves more viewss!!!
Sophie is so adorable oh my gosh
Hot saws! You guys has too much sauce! Hahaha
Can we actually have a award show without politic jokes or drama? Like that's what's gonna make you lose views...
Oh no! I missed ma boi's birthday!
Does Messi have his own fragrance?\n\nI THINK NOT!
weezer 
Good. Protect black cabs.\n\nAnd feck the BBC - fake newsters.
All nonsense.
Gawd that v8 5.0 sounds amazing! Has a hint of coyote.
this isn't news, this is just another feminist with daddy issues
Cody grew some Tater Tots.
I look forward to Andreas videos sooo much
YAY I MISSED YOU and your deliciousness. Oh and your cakes. 
Who are these people??
Greetings from\n r/cringeanarchy
I LOVE THIS WOMEN
#wing it
and your music videos
Put it in and twist it \n\nUhhhh Okay... Taras....
2.8k views and trending hm
Fuck flex..Come to Hot 97 they let you talk
If someone looking like that knocked on my door I would shoot them ..
Wow. What a treat. Such a great tune ladies. Sad to hear that the song was created in a bad time for you both but hopefully by sharing it you can help others.
Mail privilege doesn't exist
This video was insanely well edited. Well done, Vox!
Awesome dude! Inspirational stuff! Another great video!
i want that suace
Is it weird that I think that the purple sea urchin is adorable?
Kids this is what bipolar personality disorder looks like 
I LOVE YOU KATY, CANT WAIT!
Why the hell am I CRYING?!?
another perfect video to end my day in the best way possible.
Me encantaaaaa <3
TRENDING BOI
Bad choice The View. All I will say.
is it exclusive only to apple users?
Thank you for all of the hard work and dedication you do for your fans. I love listening to your voice,it calms me down when I'm having an anxiety attack.
S naghty David
almost tears... almost...
There should a competition for this among cats
Out of all the people you had to put this bitch on trending for this GoPro
I didn't like this. Not because of the message but because it wasn't good musically.
Shame it was so scripted as made the 'jokes' appear forced and therefore I kept getting distracted by it instead of being able to focus on the points you were making.
you'll float here too 
ohhh
Be like water, my friend JENSEN ACKLES SAID THIS BEFORE CBSIBCKAS
WTF IS THIS? How is this on trending?
Mario is DANCING 11/10 video
All of the makeup literally looks like she hadn't even touched them before filming the video...
When you dont have friends so you just paint random people on your nails and say you have friends but in reality youre just sitting in a corner crying and eating chocolate xD
I want a Pixel 2 with iOS. Hate me for it, but i prefer it.
I loveeee her she is so authentic, I relate to her pain, joy, and love .. keep it up Jhene your music keeps me going 
i love you
That song at the end always calms me
Screw you CBS! BOYCOTT CBS Making everyone PAY!
Damn...never knew how Emma has a nice booty
Candice seems restless, Casey is always smiley and hyped.

Love the dior iconic overcurl mascara is amazing 
That, is a great idea! Could you use an AC motor in place of the battery powered drill? Maybe an old garage door opener motor would be slow enough for the feeder. It looked useful enough to keep jigged up as a portable (around the shop, anyway) unit to help with multiple repetitive tasks.
Certain amount of air pressure, and longer domino chains

I LOVED it SOOO much. Honestly this is perfection, if you hadn't told us it was under $300 I wouldn't have known. The only thing is instead for the large canvas painting, a huge vintage mirror (I find them at thrift stores all the time) But the comforter literally upped the bed so much! Maybe should've kept some of her original throw pillows cause they were cute af too
Who the heck is shocking mice to make them afraid of strawberries?
For this dog to recover and even become social and loving is a testament to the good found in ALL dogs. Great job Takis Shelter folks!
The food looks amazing but the interactions are just so... Awkward.
Am I the only one who notice The New Day. NEW DAY ROCKS
Model S,3,X
Wtf is this trash
My...Ive been geeked about the 8 before it even dropped but I am beyond disappointed. Currently have a 6s & I wanted the 8 but Im not a fan of the no headphone jack (plus 8 does mostly everything my phone already does- minus portrait mode) Also not a fan of the X because it doesnt support Touch ID. Sad...Just Sad :(
Joker girl
Pull your horses in....updates on anything happen....and older versions drop in resale value  and are missing the new good stuff...shit happens!  I suggest you all go and buy an Anet A8 and after struggling on a daily basis to keep the bed Level, and a whole series of other issues.....whatever version Prusa you have will seem like heaven. I am now waiting for somebody to sell me. Prusa at a knock down price...
Yes go for navy blue hair!!
I'm binging on my raisins at the moment.
This woman is making headlines. See what she's doing to make airlines mad!
How does she come up with such unique n out of the box ideas...the other fashion and lifestyle youtubers have got to really take notes from her...Great work Safiya!!!
I cant wait to get my hands on this phone.
I got an advertisement on this video trying to convince me that the Southern Poverty Law Center is dangerous and against free speech. If anyone is qualified to actually provide information about that viewpoint I am willing to listen,  however until then I'm assuming that the advertisement is erroneous, and posting this comment to inform the Greens.
Rouncing bubbles not bouncing bubbles
great 
I wasn't sure when I saw it at Sephora last week, but now I want absolutely everything in this range! My poor, poor bank account! lol Thanks for the review, Nic!
A CollegeHumor video about college???
Havent seen the movie but I so need to \n\nNow more than ever ;-;
Try it again, but don't push down so hard when you write? See if that makes a difference.
This is a beautiful cover <3
Lol why would anyone dislike this tho 
Up next: Gazorpazorpfield
Please don't use the word minimalist to describe any aspect of Kortney Kardashian.
Nice video I like Harry
Why did Anthony leave NO MORE SUPER SMOSH I LOVE SUPER SMOOOOOOOOOSSH WHY ANTHONY WHHHHHHHHHYYYYYY
Jamele is a black supremacist
This British gift is funny when muted...
FERRRGIEEE MAH GIRL!!!!! THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
When they're cutting near the beginning you can see how inexperienced he is just by his knife technique when cutting to the middle bone because he holds the knife with his finger on the blade.  Surprised the teacher didn't  point it out
To pray we embrace kindness, justice, unity as a country...... isn't that what the national anthem sorta symbolizes? Annnndddd is this whole kneeling and locking arms shit dividing our country? Duck the NFL
Trump is the worst. Stephen Colbert is my hero <3
We covered this in history class last week. But wasnt the lady on the raft actually killed by some of the missionaries?)
Babe i'm an older dude and your eye lashes are freaking me out.  Also quit being weird.
Damn, this video was so cute.
Oooooo one piece 
Finally Tebowing is catching on!
This video is what happens when science goes too far and mixes rabies, AIDS and cancer together with the common cold. Hulu is now cancelled. I can only pray God cancels Sarah Silverman and forgives us this travesty upon creation.
I no longer care about anything N F L
Yammi 
Is it Lee Nelson?
Elon Musk should drop off drugs, or he is just one complete lunatic, claiming old as shit ideas has his own, ideas that were put to rest because they aren't near practical, this is complete BS and will never be viable.
Perfect
Passion and Conquer are winners like if you agree.
This song surpasses all her hits for me. Such a great tune and positive vibe! proud of her~
My cat fetches all the time
I can't feel my love without this song.
OMG was that a hint at Veritasium + Slow Mo Guys?!
As much as I love you guys, this is bleh. It sounds like you just put some beats that don't match over Sam's song. It's weird.
And I thought our civilization was going to end with Nuclear War.
Only a few lives benefit from your tax cuts compared to 99% of the population.
About the kisses, remember, it's always the guest who initiates the kiss, Allison Janney\nbeing the most aggressive.   Stephen is a devoted married man.
R5 OFNEJSJDHAISIDJ STOP DOING THIS TO ME
Look at all of those Broncos fans the last field goal... Bunch of bandwagons 
Do a unicorn next! 
A voice now in silent.
The Last of Us HD remake felt like an interactive horror drama. Alan Wake was another great one, as well as Beyond: Two Souls, and Hitman: Absolution. The Order: 1886 was cool but short as hell. This year we got Hellblade: Senua's Sacrafice! I'm okay with this direction in video games. I want more of them!!!
the best PG in the NBA, dont @ me
9 years for double murder Plus taking a hostage Plus kidnapping. The justice system must be racist. because no white person would get that deal. Let's see who he hacks up next.
McLovin?
congrats for the 5M subs
I love you naina
Awesome.
I don't like it, I loved the home button :/ so quick and easy
not sure if this even gets to you with almost 4k comments, just wanne say good choice of music and really good video keep it up
Please, I want to see you in a video with Blake.

Yoo, the Sonic drowning theme!
Wow feels super cheesy and outdated tropes lol
'A sushi dog' 
Meh
Beautiful voice beautiful man
The rat is my new spirt animal
When you realised the first guy in the video is actually a tour guide
Is that Jim Carrey in the video with her?
Is Trump going to bring back slavery? Oh, wait, he already did. Chinese labor building the MAGA hats is real. Maybe Arpaio's connections with Chinese law enforcement could yield some good replacement labor for all those cherrypicker jobs that's costing California a million a week in spoilage of unharvested produce.
Try Luminess Air
Dobby... more like DABBY
James the hostess so annoying and yes I said Hostess gets deep down he's a little b**** I as far as guest go yes he's got the best but as for himself I can definitely do without pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy
IT'S OFFICIAL....THE LOWEST RATINGS IN THE HISTORY OF THE EMMYS !!! COLBERT SUCKS MAJOR ASS !!!!
please, save your money next time and buy yourself a better camera
That is an awfully long narrow landslide. I wonder why it doesn't spread out or how it could be going at such a constant speed... \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
why do you keep poking its eyes
Beettthhhh!!!!! There's a new season of Once upon a time!!
NF is one of the realest rappers out there
This movie's gonna suck like all the other DCU movies before it. And I guess whilst Wonder Woman didn't suck, it was heavily overrated
piekny teledysk
SORRY but this thing  look like a receipe made by a starving man who didnt ear for decades .............
No one likes that hoe .. so annoying.
did you keep the puppy ??
DRESS CODE
lol
So everyone gets a mess on their plate. You don't need maths for that.
I loved thisssss 
I literally cried during the whole video! oh my lord, amber I love you and congratulations  xoxo
Siza es simptica xD
Drop 2 millions note 7 and note 8s in it Im sure it will disappear
A man of many talents.
like makeup up.. 
So emotional about this song.. 
The apolipce
Apparently she's got an appointment next week to have a backbone inserted probably done on the nhs
To everyone asking, the game is an app, available on iOS and Android.
this makeup look honestly looks amazing
Are you together? The ba ba ba babye guy? :D
You mean Palestine?!!
It's probably Kim's
Would the View just go away please
Ellen the most beautiful women on the earth
I found my new love
The ones who played as the kids in the original mini series should be the adults in the reboot sequel... *That way, it would truly be the perfect reboot...*
Jesus is  coming 
Dafuq did I just watched?! Video is at 90's level of Aqua... sad for 2017, really, looks like it's made on an iphone by a 10 year-old. Music is good though
yum yum yum :) looks delicious!
i was about to buy those lashes but theyre mink
Wao
I liked 2nd the most
 
I literally recommended this last week on a worth it video lol
the chef in the last place sounds singaporean
What a bunch of weaboos
Why did they Yamcha Warf like that?
Hardcore MH doll collectors are cringing rn
Praise kek! #cnnisisis
Genial
Fairy floss is what we in Britain call what you call cotton candy
I LOVE THIS 
Only the red lines.. hmmm..great idea!!
I never learned why my dad left me though...
If Disney capitulates to this petition, it'll open themselves to basically extortion.  While I also was disappointed that Abrams was tapped to direct Episode 9, I'm going to adopt a 'wait and see' posture first.
Your nose looks huge when you highlight it like you do. It doesn't look natural..
soulless garbage
3rd comment\nLol
Fossil Marple at the end
Watch Dogs 3 already?
I love your songs Eli 
Wow she was on your channel!!! So cool!
Eres ms que perfectoooooooooo
Gkhan abiiii bana da vurrr
Would love about a dozen or two more look tutorials using your own Morphe palette!!!!! Please!!!!! There are literally hundreds of looks that could be done that its overwhelming to make a decision. That's why I like you to do the looks for us!! LOL
Where's Brendon Urie? In the Llama suit!
How he eats the fries is how I eat the pussy
Please make mossie merch
Do I need to buy a new phone to watch this video 
Return Free Filing is great! We have this system here and don't know or too lazy to count your taxes? Easy!\n\nJust head on down to the ministry during the filing period and tell the assistants there how much you earn monthly and they'll calculate it for you. Once all the details has been reported, submitted and filed, you're free to leave with no extra charge and hassle free of brain cracking.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA!\nShiniqua.. \n\n\n\n\nBest part of the video..
I love Tamar
I miss mileven give me some mileven \n\n\nIll pay you
Too responsible :D
Sell OUT!! Nigel Farage is needed now more than ever
Cycling;\nEnjoy all the protection of vehicle laws, \nBut don't bother following the laws yourself. \nOh wait.
Is it just me or does anyone else wanna see him destroy Draymond??
I wanna try to make some of your macronns but I don't know which ones
If u saw Alisha Marie's recent vid she said holo and it was not holographic it was IRIDESCENT!
I loved that exercise!
PUUUUUUSSSSAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!!!!
What a pussy... God forbid we don't make this about politics
Home crowd?  He's from Indiana.  I never got why people cheer for their home team when most if not all of the team members are from other states and are bought and sold like whores.
It's ok Felix.
Your face looks fake.
If you want to do a big project, think about what is party need ^o^
Albanians do it better
I am in love with this man
Ok, cowboys offense has been officially exposed. And Dak sucks.
#syrianexol #loveyou #happylayday
I dont think  this is appropriate for people who hates spoilers hahahahhahahahahahhahahahaha
*S O S H A Y*
I've watched this ten times now, send help and some curly fries please
Mr. Scott We dont need his weak ass. #WhoDat!!! 
Why wouldn't you just skate a regular skateboard? 
Great game
This is NOT the biggest massacre in United States history, lets just sweep it under the rug \nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Indian_massacres
Lilly is SUCH a great human and we had so much fun filming together! Who do you want me to challenge next? :)
How many party tricks does this guy have?!?
Keep crying bugatti
Thanks for the update.
The disturbance or probably jealousy for not being to cope with life like a normal person.\n\nI am mad at all of you for being happy....that's what he said to himself...and he could not be like them .....being a gambler made him live in is world......jealousy towards normal people is the motive
Where is the best flavor of all Strawberry pocky as seen in the thumbnail big dick daddy Dave 
KD cooking, like he did in the finals!!!
Why didn't you released this when slime was as popular as Taylor swift
Did Sony get a iPhone X early to make the emoji movie?
The leftist Popovich ignores the truth that America is the best big country in history. Not perfect, but still the best big one. Asking overpaid athletes to respect their country is hardly too much to ask.
Where is the chopper?
James looks like Bo burnham
Glory of apple went off with Steve jobs itself
Before 1k veiws
so happy for you!!
WRONG you old, fat idiot!  Guess what, President Trump is ALSO and American citizen, and if HE thinks kneeling during the national anthem is disgraceful, then that is HIS opinion.  And if tens of millions of other Americans agree with the President, well then I guess that is just tough shit.  The President never said it couldn't be done, he said he thinks it shouldn't be done.  He didn't say the gub'ment was going to punish the players, he said he thought the owners might wanna think about doing it.  Big difference.
I think he is gonna kill his wife because he said  This is OUR house
Lol i laughing about how they real got into this arument you can tell they both dont like each other like crystal was wait for her to say somethi k not gonna lie this one of the show i cant wait to watch
Thanks
(me looking at the title)\nme asking myself you sure this girl has anxiety. \n(watches video)\ni forgot, this is liza koshy  we're talking about.

More Life Pop/Rock ? What how sounds like hip hop to me
Dom u spelled H Ni wrong there's a little dot under the 
0:58 My row
ENHEEWHEY
I wouldn't not only let Margot tattoo me, I would even let her succ my dikk
Truee
Sterling brown is so handsome
 Edgy Brah's laugh at 1:26:31
technically drinking water does help get rid of toxins, through urination.
Finally old fart
Just one question. Why?
#MiaSanMia
FAKE NEWS AT ITS FINEST, FOLKS
41:09:43 So that's what Hulk Hogan has been up too.
I thought it would take a bit longer to find a drugstore one.
It is entirely up to us whether we lift the world up to new heights, or let it fall into a valley of disrepair. \n\n     -Donald Trump 2017
Dude you're killing it man so happy for you !
If offense is fast and they can chant offense why can they chant defense cause the other players offense is fast too
So we jus gone act like the crude brothers didn't birth this whole series lmao get them in here or we riot
Need more rap from you guys :)
Troms\nPronounced (bear with me, that  is a vowel that doesn't occur in English) trohm-say (-ay has rounded lips)\nlesund\nPronounced Uh-lay-soond
I honestly think that the police should not get involved with this because it was just a racing accident and emotions are high and sometimes take over people in racing
love it !!!
LMAO up next is the instant dna scanner  
You should make a second channel of you playing music!  I would subscribe in a heartbeat.
Bought the MK2S because everybody on the internet tells you that Prusa has a great support. Yeah. But when you start to complain about company behaviour or product quality (not a well engineered product -> just look at the awful cable management) Prusa won't answer your mails anymore. I received my first 3D printer just days before the MK3 was announced and hat to pay the old price (130 Euros difference). Then I had a cracked part after pushing a nut in and due to an loose connection in the PINDA-cable the nozzle crashed into the printing bed after perfect calibration. My first and my last printer from Prusa.
Shout out to #sike overload
I'm black asf and I didn't gaf like if you weren't offended
These guys Rock!  Only get better with Age!  Radiohead rules!
flabby 22 yo tits   go for fouth base with your dog ill pass in 3rd base
I think you can have a good time with Kim.
a
I like her hair longer so much better. But she is still so pretty!
https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-b24d92c68f84dda2f40e3d33a927c3d4-c
this is not Eminem anymore 
Jajajaja beatiful et
Oh hat all the way
You should learn how to spin pizza dough
I wouldn't hire him. lol. This is cute though.
Fucking shut you got your sources from CNN
FINALLY THE VIDEOOOO
Steve is a Hero
This makes a change.. 
Upload the gary vee interview!!
Could you try catching it tho??? thanks\nI died!
OMG I HONESTLY SAW YOUR VIDEO FOR THE FIRST TIME AND IM SHOOK U R SO BEAUTIFUL 
So sad that everything you work so hard for can be gone from one day to the next.
Haven't watched WWE since the Hardy's returned lol had to come back and see this
Word of life Las Vegas and the police and a neighborhood of men sex trafficked me
Watching this makes me feel smarter when in reality I can not keep up with all these numbers :(
Loved it! #!!
daammnn Tyler is thicc af
Definitely in the closet
lot of guys would be like him if as rich and famous and yea they just want the one thing poor or rich\n\n\nI never been in a relationship but i enjoy strip clubs lol
I want to spend every day with Catherine she's so sweet I can't
It's illegal to take ocean water
Is road an instrument?
Please do a furnished house tour!!!!!
I love this make up look
Tattoo on hand ...smh
I am beyond proud of you, Gabbie! You are so cheerful and happy. So many good things are coming your way. Keep your head up and your heart strong. All the love! 
me
I see you haven't burned your jersey yet
My girl friend 
in the title routine spelling is not the right spelling\nbut no problem
What a lovely, astounding performance from all of those women. That show was watched twice, eagerly and among friends.
eating ground beef while watching this. huge mistake
  
You should go to Australia to find some bigger and more dangerous creatures like if You agree
Yuck
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been away from the DFTBA community for a while but came back when I was recently diagnosed with OCD. I forgot how much this channel feels like home to me.
Wanna hear a joke \n\n\n\n\nGalaxy Note8 - (Productivity+S Pen + Android) = iPhone X
Wtf who puts milk in first
Please bring back your old videos, I loved your RYC videos and I really hope to see them again.
I wanna kiss those lips
YOU ARE TRENDING
I'm so glad he's not dead!
bitch she looks more like Rihanna than Rihanna herself
Laugh now, Stephen Colbert. Hope you don't see his shadow in your room one night. you probably wont because you wont wake up.
IM SEEING U IN OCTOBER 21st
taking off where Yelawolf left off.  Lovin' this shit!!!
That's what i call an retry
What's the music playing in the background?
75kg printer
I'm suicidal does it mean I'm a psychopath
love you Anwar you rock love your videos my favourite is the barber
John was so close to cussing at 2:20 
dude sharpened a mechanical pencil.
This feels so rehearsed
Who the fuck dislike this trailer
5:25 is that muthafucking Jameis Winston
good! it might stop china from ruining Tibet further.
Regenerate your eyes  NACDROPS.COM
Guys water resistant and water proof is way different
We can do it together and I hope that all this money does good to all the people who need it
This guy...love him. So genuine. Beautiful voice
i love this channel and his lovely stories so much.
BUH BUH BUH BUH DA BUH DAH BUH BUH BUH BUH BUH DA BUHHHHHHHHHH
Who else was here from the beginning
Gotti >>> John Wick
Apple IPhone is straight trash, stick to the note series.
how could 2k ppl not love this man? I feel sorry for them, I truly do....
Part & parcel, y'all. Just part & parcel
Kid Rock needs to slap this BITCH !!!
Just go to another planet destroy everything and make everything out of anti matter and store it on another planet
Life would have been so much easier if a regular hexagonal baking tin had been used.
Love it! 

Oooo dreamer !!!
People call crazy what they can't understand
These Swedish angel sisters sing so sweetly!  They make me look forward to Heaven.
There are two choices:\n\n-being a cyclops\n-have cancer
I am Kim Jong Un and I approve this message.
Lyft still is in London
would magnetizing the projectile and creating oscilation on the barrells improve or incapacitate this design
Why Andrew? Why?! Why did you not emulsify your vinaigrette?
PRESIDENT IS 100 % RIGHT!!!!
Snapdragon 835 supports 32mp single camera and dual camera setup of 16mps, how oneplus using soc835 to run one camera lens of 16 mp and another of 20mp? Please explain this
Its like no music.. the tune in the beginning is the same as NO MUSIC!!
That Star Wars reference tho *HNNnnnnGGG*
One of my favorite albums definitely a classic  hes the   GOAT ... lyrically top 5
Any chance this will be released for iTunes?
Can someone tell my why they only clean about 1/3 of the stall ??? Thanks :-)
Crapple
I can go faster thank him
hes bad teacher
I love his voice

Free fall my man
I've binged half your vids and now all my ads are about cooking and I can't get you out of my recomended please help
Really beautiful Jaclyn
Pretty good trick but certianly not the cockford ollie
3 phones per year now?? Why...
hi
I'm free from all bondage. Christ set me free. Love of the Son.
kneel before your president
can you look into doing running home to you.  its a song sung by grant gustin on the flash tv show
I get emotional every time a new video is posted
Dudes making it seem like if its the next Irma...
I would die in peace if I could fucker just once....
I know the qna is over already, but when is the next bmg drive video?
Sungwon.
Aww poor Jenkins! He's so camera shy! Bless his soul!
You should do a get ready with me + whats going on in your life.
I don't call it tracing..when it's their own work. Tracing = Stealing. And that not stealing if they own it.
http://MyJobisFirst.com/?refcode=16264
WHO HAS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SINCE 73 Qs WITH JET?? I MEAN LIKE FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey,can you make a insects guide,the bee and mosquito/wasp are like the pistol srimph,all DPS but are kinda of a support too!look at the bee,it has a stinger and armor,looks like a great bruiser build,dosnt it??well,human player farm them for the honey consumable and the wax crafting material,and are one of the few classes that SINERGISES with plant kindom players,and look  at the mosquito,similar,and supports a DPS class:the Malaria build,giving them a GIGANTIC spd boost and the the ability to go though skin buff,giving the GIGANTIC DoT on human players is so fun!make a guide on them,NOW!!
You didn't say this is the end of Vlog talk and didn't put your mkay bye thing at the end of the video
next can we please talk about what would happen if we died?and what would animals do? hope you can say yes and please respond, your pal muffin!and have greate day
the way this video is cut sucks 1:55 you got cowboys cheering for another game
Gnarlyness - KJ Apa 2k17
Hey YoYos & #NotificationSquad!! I think we definitely outdid ourselves this week! This Halloween Roulette Wheel Cake is not only disgustingly delicious, but it also doubles as the ULTIMATE trick or treat game that you can play with friends! Let me know what other gross ingredients you would use in your own version of this cake BELOW!!
Omg this doesn't even look real so coool
Why is she so Fat. She looks like that muppets pig
I love you liam. Your energy
the story of the Cardinal season
..poop?
Lol
They need there own channel like ladylike
Lol
Ben almost said Dairy Free Girlfriend at the end don't even try and hide it lad
Ah, this is so aesthetically pleasing.
gonna blaze up for all 6
When Alex gives gingerpale a bit of promotion
This is all over the place... Wtf? Never thought i would dislike a MJ song... Wish i could just dislike the white pass collab... Ugh... Michael Screaming from his grave, Leave Me Alone!!!
The reason all the mannequin outfits are not front & centre in the store is because they're already heavily promoted by being in the window. As shown in the video people are more likely to ask where that jacket in the window is. So we might as well promote some other stuff, so the hope is as u walk in the store looking for the jacket, u will see other stuff u like and buy that too ;)
This make up look would look cute for a devil costume
Music makes it lethal :-)
 parece aqueles moleques fominhas
i adore how Stephen whispered you're very sweet at 10:14!!!  awww  i love Stephen, such a class act!
Music is badass
You are amazing and I love you guys so much, your tricks Shots are so hard to do and you do it.
Damn!  You got some new teeth you cheeky bastard.
It's started
The animations started 10 years ago ... the real question is : is the cat still alive ?
      #      #   #   #      #      #   #\nJesus Christ promises all who believe in Him eternal life.\nHe died for us rose from the dead, and Now He lives forever!\nHe will also heal your body!
This is everything. My child self is quaking rn.
Buy a phone every 6 years. Dont pay 800$ a year...
BIG UP THE ISLE OF DOGS MANDEM BRAP BRAP
Moving. Unifying. Courageous. Right. Bravo!
You have beautiful eyes
I really love all of ur songs,swear dwnloadd those tracks
TL;DW we're all eggs.
I thought it's category 3
Wonderful!
wow what a discussion. mindblowing! keep it on!
Love you guys!\nNot a huge fan of the extra camera angles... but love ya anyway!!
some blockiness in some parts, pretty good for such a tiny camera though
So this has nothing to do with the eastern philosophy of chi? Then how did it get the title? \nI don't wanna be rude to anyone who likes this upcoming series but this is a little disappointing.\nEdit: Oh oh Chi is for Chicago, but still idk... a bit misleading still but idc hopefully no one else does either.
I miss a Jim Root :(
Neat intro for a shit show.
BECKY G ES GENIAL!
Hitman on Fire  \nKeep it up, Jerry.
Survival bondage improvisation
Ricegum took the L
Yesterday I searched for concert tickets in Germany and today I saw this ... makes me want to go even more 
omg super <333
We pack similarly! As mine got older, diapers were replaced by snacks, his sunglasses, etc. But I'm pregnant again and love seeing what other people do -- not sure how I'll pack for two!
Daisy came through with the slay, anything new? I think NOT
Dang, now i want a burger.
I don't care what you tell me. As of watching this is am watching this is am wearing  the same offspring shirt. I saw them in my lovely utah.
YES POSTING AGAIN! THIS MADE MY WHOLE MONTH
theyre all so stylish
BEHIND THE SCENEhttps://youtu.be/1Xtkkb8Hfw8
Is it just me or it sounds like the movie saw got me wondering
Is it Mariana Trench time?\n\n\nI think it's Mariana Trench time.
Forever 
YOU NEED TO DO STAR V.S. THE FORCES OF EVIL!!!
Propaganda. Sorry. Cars don't melt with trees being intact. Something else is going on.
Another collab with flume would give me peace of mind
Those celebrities were all paid to answer the phones on tv.... from donations. And many were seen joking around. The rich don't care. Ever seen a celebrity actually volunteer .... by doing manual labor for more than a few minutes??
queen of everything= mykie
I would be very much interested in seeing the iron to steel conversion process. Please make a video on that. Also how would this process work with deep red clay? It is mildly magnetic where i am in Virginia.
Hopefully they get it right and we don't end up with another Black Mass
What happened to Shane's video or Marcus butler video 
try to go on the lace with an eyeshadow xx
I LOE BEA
Then is the Mona Lisa overrated Cuz it's basically a women smiling
Get it big boy!! Best of luck to you guys cant wait to see it!!
who is Ghost?
WHO ELSE IS NOW HEARING ABOUT IT
@15:00 50 hits em..It hurt ya boy 15:10...HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!
Amazing. So good.
ily lucie you're so funnyyyy
I've never seen a Functional themed make up tutorial.
**Who else thinks star wars battlefront 2 should include customized battle sequences from epic scenes from the movies and make game modes around that.. even if maybe some heroes or characters wouldn't fit the plot story or lore I think it would be an amazing thing.. \n\nImagine having to stop the invasion of the clones or saving Naboo from the droids or the attack on that place in episode one with Qui Gon Jin and Obi Wan Kenobi... I bet millions of die hard fans would love to reenact the famous Darth Maul scene with Liam Neeson and Swan McGregor.\n\nHell I bet many would love to play the epic scene involving the destruction of the first death star. \n\nMake it happen EA.\n\n MAKE STAR WARS GAMES GREAT AGAIN!**
Love it 
Dear people. Check out my latest video WASTED! in my channel. The video features an hour length dance remix set personally created by myself to keep people up and raise fund. The set is comprised of 16 pop/trance hybrid tracks, and the set will give you both both chill and blast. Please share and like the video! Thank you for your time and support!\n\np.s. I prefer Amazon because it's quick and more convenient though. But Ebay's good too
Hello im new too the channel
What a reunitation the shield members are house of exciting reallyy i was so excited to watch them together i watch this everyday now they should come in their old theme song
By law any money given to Puerto Rico must be repaid. They filed for bankruptcy and their land is basically repo
The 'extra' at the end of this video though! LOL
Fish n Chips in the UK
This is fire 
Jughead Jones who?
raw
Where's Wilder?
Im part Eskimo! wow awesome video. Mmm i want some now....
the future is here guys , more expensive then ever
That's definitely not average weight
America and guns. ..karma...crazy country
Sorry...there was an articuno in the oval office.
[Verse 1]\nDumb surfer is giving me his cash\nWon a bet for fifty and now I need a slash\nMan this band that's playing, is playing fucking trash\nSkunk and onion gravy, as my brain's potato mash\nHe came across the back of a bureaucratic stash\nShot the lot for credit and never got it back\nHe's mashed, I'm mashed, we're mashed\nThat cat got slashed in half like that\nAs venus completes orbit, Im feeling slightly mashed\nThe stir fry didnt absorb it, I need another slash\nShe spoke in English, it was low lit where we sat\nRemembering her face but thats the end of that\nIm a step from madness as I puke on pavement slabs\nGot a bit embarrassed, need to get back to the lab\nIn the depths of traffic, I was feeling like we crashed\nWith a girl from Slovak in a European cab\nFrom a set of habits, I can see momentums mashed\nIf we were commuting, this train would fucking crash\nNow my brain's diluting with blame and guilt and hash\nGetting lashed, getting lashed by all of the gods\nBy all of the gods, by all of the gods\n\n[Guitar Solo]\n\n[Verse 2]\nAs my brain's diluting, I suffer from whiplash\nThis girl's now screaming, I think we've gone and crashed\nThe drivers speaking and the car is still intact\nIt was only minor, well that's the end of that\nGirl, thats the end of that as I know\nGirl, some things you dont know\n \n\n[Outro]\nDumb surfer, don't suffer\nDumb surfer, don't suffer\nDumb surfer, don't suffer\nDumb surfer, don't suffer\nAy, some things wont change for a while\nKeep me, keep me as the villain\nBut my prayer, you don't own
What sorcery is this ? This seems like Disney food in real life ? A true Unicorn i see in the video. \n\nIf women nowadays could actually do this, I'd wife her up faster than it took me to eat one of those.
Nick Croll is a pedophile yall
He has that mad scientist laugh lmao
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the upsidedown is just a metaphor for crack?
I looove it. I wonder why they deleted it before
Did Ricegum watch this video before replying to iduddz new video  Lmao\n#ricegumisabitch
I liked the games, especially the newer ones... but I don't know if I like the idea of this movie, nor the main actress. I might give it a shot though. Idk, maybe I'll just do another play through on the games instead.
<-- check oyt my channel
Do you think the google pixel 2 xl display color is great ?
THAT IS THE REALEST CELEB PHONE I'VE EVER SEEN!!!!
**Who else thinks star wars battlefront 2 should include customized battle sequences from epic scenes from the movies and make game modes around that.. even if maybe some heroes or characters wouldn't fit the plot story or lore I think it would be an amazing thing.. \n\nImagine having to stop the invasion of the clones or saving Naboo from the droids or the attack on that place in episode one with Qui Gon Jin and Obi Wan Kenobi... I bet millions of die hard fans would love to reenact the famous Darth Maul scene with Liam Neeson and Swan McGregor.\n\nHell I bet many would love to play the epic scene involving the destruction of the first death star. \n\nMake it happen EA.\n\n MAKE STAR WARS GAMES GREAT AGAIN!**
how many times did you orgasm?! lol
How the actual fuck did you not die when you said jub jub want a rub rub?
ZEER  GOEDE  ZANGERES  MET  MOOIE  NUMMER,S
Usually you would see a bunch of Trumptards bitching about liberals.. but they don't want anything to do with this comment section. Especially a video proving how dumb down and fucking stupid a lot of Trump supporters are.
Has anyone ever seen a patriotic liberal...... NOT  at a NFL game or anywhere.
God bless, congratulations Scalise!
This video makes me happy 
Just no.
It's called a corkscrew, wine opener! 
Katie's dead\nAnwar:I know right damn son
How are u gonna run from a bomb from North Korea
A sad chapter in our nation's history.  How could they pledge allegiance to a nation that gives freedom and justice FOR ALL, not just some?  Did they even listen to themselves as they spoke?!
You don't have shootings. Just guys hacking up people with machetes...
Racism only exists in the mind of a racist
I. Am. Obsessed. Jordan Fisher, I wanna be your new best friend!
The clone wars was better
I'd smash, homeboy
...and I'm offended. Best line of the video. Thanks for sharing your ebay experience with us!
you managed to mess up on spider anatomy...
It's funny seeing this after being shown the light of 3rd party's. Im just hearing this like Great, I love know russia meddled with the election for trump the same time the DNC corrupted the primary for Hillary. History books will remember the 2016 election as the year both parties cheated & we all got screwed... Doesn't help that Hillary's attacking people like Obama and Bernie in her book for losing.
Uber is shit. Good riddance
HAUAHAUHAUAHUAHAUAHAUHAUAHAUHAUAHUAHAUAHAUHAUAHAUHAUAHAUAHUAHAUAHUAHAUAHUAHAUAHAUHAUAHUAHAUAHUAHAUAHAUAHUAHAUAHUAJAIA
I just made these and tossed them in some sage butter and it only took about 5 minutes in total? I'm sold.
You guys let's try to make this big!!
Spoiler at the end he dies
the next thing u know people are gonna write about malta 
I'm gonna be an adult in 3 years and I need tips on moving out on a budget.
2017 Dell Inspiron 7000 gaming laptop is worth that price
Don't ask America for help, Mexico's president! Making fun of trump now you will have to tuck your tail between your legs and swallow your pride!
Anyone else distracted by the beautiful Ducati in the background?
Amalah never did answer the question about the boys names!!!
LOL. They never ask the great questions like: Do you call Puffy Diddy or Daddy? Has he set up your Trust fund yet? Are you included in the Will? Has he clipped his shit or are you waiting until he's almost in the ground before you have a child with him? \n\nCome on. This interview could've been so much better.
creeps
Star Citizen hit $100 million in crowdfunding didn't it? I know they hit $65 million for sure.

Maybe you guys should just go ahead and change your name to buzzfeed. \nHey, Daniel O'Brien and Michael and you guys, go make a new channel, stick to the good stuff you guys do, and I'll subscribe to that. :)
a macbook pro made by google with a touch screen instead of a touch bar.  similar price, similar specs, etc.  this is all up to taste.  macs have the large track pad, but this has a better keyboard it sounds like.  mac os vs chrome book software.  both are going to have a port problem as well, which they really didnt emphasize here when compared to the macbook pro review.
I'd ship it 
The person that does my 4-H meeting put that stuff on a bun and said that was basically how much fat was in a fast food burger. Never trying this recipe lmao
WA
he said if it he wasnt famous, he wouldn't be on the internet, i rock w u herbo
When i was watching asmr it was really hard to find a good pose, So i just got youtube red and i just sleep like that now
I knew Canadians weren't so squeaky clean XD
Who goes to a Greek restaurant to order steak? Once you find out a Greek restaurant uses canned eggplant it is time to hit the door.
RTAA is trending!
Happy Bday MY nail qween 
This system of government is so insanely bad and vulnerable to abuse that it is a miracle that this state lasted so long....
I only watched this to see Fergy dry humping something. What is this shit?
this song sucks
Over 200 people died. Thats absolutely crazy
theres no album.. theres only single lol
Fantastic work
I forgot about this.  takes too damn long and it's damn short.
Great conversation! I think something that can get lost in this topic is what it seems like you were referring to a little bit in your tweet. The world is a mirror to our internal experience, and if we don't cultivate self-love we can react really negatively to facets of ourselves that we see in other people. So, while we can love others regardless, there can be pieces of them that we struggle to find love for because we are too preoccupied with our own self-loathing.
Thank you so much for donating to  the maria disaster in puerto rico im really gratefull as im puerto rican but live in the U.S but i have family in puerto rico so thank you #levatandopuertorico
I see cancer
i think phone companies should come out with 2 versions of the phones. one with a headphone jack and one without
He's become small and petty.
Best interview. Funny/informative
All the looks were so pretty!  But I gotta say, 129 dollars are a lot of money for an eyeshadow palette! I had no idea that it existed makeup that expensive! 
That Whos On First ending bit was magical.
Perfect for winter.. cant wait to try .. but how can I substitute chicken to a veggie version..?
Some of you who said this is dumb, YOU ARE DUMB. History piece gives right to claim more land and stay in the land you own. Indians have their own land without feds law, casino, their own police because of accumulation of pieces like this. They have so much money they will buy anything indian to preserve their culture and plant a flag in this nation. Only idiots sees this as blanket. I see it as investment.
#hanoijane
Just what would it be worth in value if a company could be able to stop any tornado or hurricane?  Am only 19 million dollars now from that answer. A man once said a few centuries back, People will someday be able to talk to someone all the way across the country by wires. People just laughed.
Mi favorita
I really like how nikkie's turned out actually, the whole look with the shirt and the earrings and stuff looks fine for me! maybe a little bit more of blending on the eyes and softer brows but thats all!
I LOVE THIS VERSION
Apples OH MY GAWWWW!!!! PRICELESS
1:36 Yassss
you sould do more vids like this;)
Rivers wastes careers.
Cool, two minutes in and so far 75% of this has been about how women were underrepresented in stem in the 1930s. Ok. So are we talking about civil rights or are we talking about scientific discoveries? If we're talking about civil rights, that's cool, but how about being more honest in the title.
Scottish clowns just making a lot a noise.
music on the questions, is it from the movie?
these look awful
0:49 Hey Look It's Me Zayn
That baby can fkin style a pompadour with all that hair
Can you leave a link for the soft curler please?
In a world of relying on loud noises (IT) and unneeded gore (Mother!), A24 is back again to save the day. This is gonna be B-R-I-L-L-I-A-N-T
No wonder the Democrats keep losing
703 represent. D.C. Heart hurting again. Why God.
Share x100
Cute 
Nice cleanin up...
LEMON SHARK
Can you do a vegan cupcake recipe? I love watching your videos but I would never personally make or eat them because of my diet preferences. So just asking
Why is my phone the iPhone X
BBC make a Planet Earth version of this - call it Microscopic Earth
do more of these videos!!!
I love Halloween its like Christmas for cosplayers especially because people down here consider you crazy if you cosplay ....ugh I wish everyday was Halloween...ps I am a Christian just cuz I dress up doesn't mean In with the demons and all that evil things
Am I the only one who gets Imagine Dragons vibes at chorus part?
Let's just face it we elected a monster
i already tried all of that it wasnt  spicy for me
I love these videos because you're seriously providing a service Also you're adorable and I love you but that Chanel dress gives me serious LambChop vibes  idk why!? #WhyAmILikeThis  great review! 
Try tacos
Dumb
I'm all for having it, but keep it on your property. Not a fan of it in the road.
Lyrics (not sure if all the lyrics are correct) \nGabriel the oldest son,he praised the lord and married young\nBecame a priest and act confession,cured the people of transgression \nGabriel held the weight Of everybodys toxic waste\nAnd with the load upon his shoulder, couldnt sleep as he got older\n\nOooooh what it means to be someone\nThat everybody has to talk to, everybody has to talk to\nOooh our Gabriel he had no one, that he could to talk \nGabriel he had no one that he could talk to\n\nLooking for a place to be \nWhere some place he could hide his grief\nGabriel ran to the beach and set out for the open sea\nheave the baggage from the sands, aboard the vessel with his hands\nAnd when he couldnt see the land, release their sins on his command\n\nOooooh what it means to be someone\nThat everybody has to talk to, everybody has to talk to\nOooh our Gabriel he had no one\nThat he could to talk \nGabriel he had no one that he could talk to\n\nAs the problem slowly drifted, all the weight was quickly lifted\nFrom his bag into the sea, he finally thought he was free\nwhen he got home after months, sat down and waited for lunch\nHe looked down at an empty dish cause all their sins had killed the fish\nOooooh what it means to be someone\nThat everybody has to talk to, everybody has to talk to\nOooh our Gabriel he had no one\nThat he could to talk \nGabriel he had no one that he could talk to\n\nBut is Gabriel responsible?
I hate it.
Hehehe I love it you put the the highlighter everywhere hehehe! Shine bright like a diamond! hehehe Love it!! <3
I love your bird !!

bickin back being bool with bardi b
Oooooooohhhhhhhhh
I wish I could talk to my friends like this. everyone is such a pussy and gets so offended
Bruh!!!! The packing is soooo pretty!!!! 
I have an iPhone 6s Plus. Should I upgrade to the 7 Plus or 8 Plus?
I was hoping you would explain what Luke was afraid from.
this guy should see Electroboom's video on making a pop filter.
Light-loafers
7:50 easier explanation... he had an accomplice...
Breaking bad ended and the red wedding happened  years ago, people shouldn't be complaining about spoilers.
The long blonde hair shows a mental illness
One has no option but to sit through the original just to make sense of the parody.....
I need a cat... \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
This guy is my professor
Noooooo why the time lapse?!  I wanted to see the build and hear the banter etc!
hey guys does anybody knows what is the video where tom talks about trumps winning elections (he said something about talking the elephant in the room i think)
I hate this
uploaded over a year ago - trending with 4.4k views and a 3:9 like/dislike ratio - WTF!?
I know plenty of people have had the same problem in nice hotels in Melbourne, but (heh) oddly not in other cities. Is it a Melbourne specific thing? Is it because Melbourne has a CostCo???
will this work in steam vr?
That cars a gas guzzler 13mpg
This is truly wonderful. I could listen to them all evening. Wonderful!! Credit to the director and musician also. Wishing you'll well!!!
Boyyy... KB slid in that thang.
Helo
His daughter's reaction is priceless :)
#Yiayoct Jack's forehead, but twice the size. That would be spooky.
Loving this song x
Mostly colombia and Mexico
Luvs It!!!
Plz do middle school
HEY JENNA!! WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THIS??  A BLACK WOMANS POV!!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWGUIjterF4
Let me guess:  the BBC are going to show a bunch of scary guns and call for disarming and stomping on the rights of honest American citizens, while forgetting to mention the gun-free UK's muslim mass murderers killing in their trucks of peace, slashing throats with their knives of diversity...
He is considered #5 best banjo player in the WORLD. Love the SCR Band. Long time from SNL host and the Smothers Brothers writer.
Trump is better than any liberal puppet.
All we know it could be any religious radicals, and psychos running around.
Holy shit! A right leaning person on trending.
Can you do a Poppers Penguin honest trailer?
What are you missing? Stop doing sketches problem solved.
P!nk is GOD
It's a coconut drink #listarefun
And they all laughed
I just understood nothing, that was just....strange....
Song
Nice
It's raw you donkey!!!!
You'd look perfect except for those eyelashes.  I never thought there could be too many eyelashes but this isn't cute lol everything else looks great
This is hand down the most Russian thing I've ever seen. And therefore the best god damn thing I've ever seen.
Please tell me the whole Kumail voice is not real. Please. It is terrible
I'll be honest, this is a good combination of her singing and production. A mix of Vows and Golden Echo
I have a good idea do shower with lizzza
Congrats on this beautiful collection girl! Please extend your sizes on more of your pieces.
cy tip i my a i, t 100M trong thi gian nhanh nht
Man i just got goosebumps all over me after hearing his voice he will always be with us forever :)
Cliff both looks like and has the same speech patterns as Rick Sanchez.
Mama lipa 
#50 ON TRENDING!!!!!
This dude needs to cut his hair.
creative
http://i12.pixs.ru/storage/4/4/6/1234278357_4010834_27267446.jpg
YOUR ON TRENDING
I love the suit. Great design for deep sea diving. Hopefully no leaks, and no electical fires.
Thank you for this Marques!
We neeeeeed more
Thank you for the playlists :D
MPRGA
This is awesome 
I just only LISTEN 0:25-0:42 in 40 times. thank you. THAT BEAT IS SICK!!!
this time i find the white version is more beautiful....
spend the night in a vacuum
The house looks like Liza's
Fergie is still beautiful i love you Fergie please don't be sad
I tried it under an airliner, no luck.
botox is strong on this one
I WILL BE NEEDING NEW CHINA SOON omg YASSS
I love this commercial ......people please this is real .happen every day
Vamos por el millon !!! Las amo tanto hermanitas #cncownersunidas  #elmejorfandom
8k views on trending =_=
really liking and appreciating this new content, keep making more, thank you
Mac users are too dumb to build and assemble a PC
Truly amazing. This video is incredible.
QUEEN
cried first 5 seconds he started playing
TR-8R or FN-2199 has a resonator mace.
Omg your handwriting is amazing Bunny!
I now want to buy a work out machine, and never use it...
it's amazing how fucking shit it is
If anyone ever asks me what negging is I'll mention Boris
collab with Wengie please!! <3
It is unworthy to knock Arpaio because he isn't fluently captivating.  The rest of accounts of Arpaio are worthy enough.
Did Liam gave this haircut himself!?? 
Watch in 144p for best experience
2nd
...and yeah, I don't care. So awesome!
I'VE WAITED SO LONG FOR A GREEN EYE LOOK I'M SO HAPPY!!!
@tibbleslimes YAY
If anyone is interested, I just made a quick video testing out this camera. And, yeah. It's amazing. 4K 60 FPS and 1080p 240 FPS are insane.
aah !
PINK\n
WERE YOU THERE  JOHNNY CASH
As melhores msicas com os piores clipes 
How is FAKE peanut butter healthier than ACTUAL peanut butter??
ENEMY UAV IS AIRBORNE
Logan  Congrats m8
What was your first Anne Marie song you heard what's you favorite mine first is rockabye and my favorite is Chios adios comment yours bellow
Three girls go to a bar, they talk about how loose they are. One fits a sausage, one fits a cucumber, and the other slides down the bar stool.
Happy  for u guys 
I haven't watched this yet but is this a clickbait cause I HATE clickbait so much.
Don't get me wrong, I think what HW's done is pretty disgusting. But I bet if he had the looks and charm of let's say a George Clooney, his actions would be deemed more acceptable and regarded as harmless seduction... but because he looks like a troll and regarded as a 'bully', he then is vilified and the lynch mob is now after him. All who knew and kept quiet are all to be blamed!!! F*** off Hollywood! This is why I do not bother to attend itchy bum theatres anymore.
Jacob I really want you to do a show in Brazil, in Porto Alegre I really want to meet you It's my dream, I'll never give up on you I love you
Absolutely memorizing video, as always, and I think this is one of the most easily transferable into everyday life . Fantastic work!
Reminds me of that spongebob ep where the Flying Dutchman makes spongebob and Patrick his crewmen
I can't watch this movie without saying Inigo's famous lines with him
Hilary duff
My dream job is to be a marine biologist so that way I can work at a aquarium!
In a song?? All Too Well is #That song
Oh my goodness youre trending!!!!!!
Gambino is a mastermind
stop doing kind such foolishness!! abnormal bad influence
I only got Grace, immediately!! 
Soo, can we like arbnb one of those expensive homes?
hte que l'album sorte x)
 Alix, take your time and do what you need to do. I'm so sorry for your immense loss. Sending love from California.
Is this song related to attention or we dont talk anymore?
He is one of my true favorites. He such a good hearted soul with lauren he makes love so believable that you can find someone like that. He is a fanatic artist and amazing father. Bless you Thomas
Kermit's Waldo costume is the best
He's lying about being a jew if he's able to do that.  Also, it's common practice for white supremacists to gas-light their prey or audience by loving the thing they advocate exterminating. Nearly 100% of the Nazis in Charlotesville pissed their pants or got erections when black men got in their faces and challenged them.  Bunch of pussy ass Nazi motherfuckers!  Supremacists often have twisted and fucked up insecurities about their hatred.
You can probably find the document for free online...
Woohoo! The sock club lives!!! :D
Colleges teaching people to lie and act like they know what they're talking about when they don't?... Naaaah that doesn't happen. Look at all the well informed liberals they pump out. :')
Why don't you get down on your knees and tell me who you really work for Eggsy says As a good friend once said, manners maketh man, do you know what that means? Than let me teach you a lesson
Kerry has a Lynn Whitfield forehead thing going here
the time to dislike unfunny videos is now
*-BITCH THIS GOT ME BOPPIN-*
Beautiful (8
At 6:02 ronaldo said this is cool, he knows a lot about football
Bummer about the memory loss but at least he's happy.
Nice! I like thus video.
The only issue I have with many of these videos, is lack of secure restraint of animals in moving vehicles. You wouldn't let your kids or other family members roam around a vehicle while it's in motion, why your animals? It's such a risk to their safety that should seriously be considered.
we will be having a daughter Zac, soon. soon.
That freelance reporter said hundreds of people were dead from the 1985 earthquake however 10,000 people actually died
Never trust a snake
you lost so much respect for ligit everyone okay goodbye sister. **brother
Go WV
The cat got stuck in the tree.
HOUSE NUMBER 3!!!!
can I use a 99% dark chocolate bar? Someone gifted me two bars of 99% chocolate and I have no idea what to use it in!!
Wow I hope he gets better. He is rock bottom. I was exactly him in July of 2014 when I got into a methadone program and saved my own life. It's been 3 years and I went from like 75 to 80 pounds to 125 pounds at 5 foot 6 inches. I have held a job for 3 years, pay all my own bills now but I am still scared in my body everyday, uncomfortable in my own skin with severe anxiety, borderline, depression. It's so fucking hard for me to function WITHOUT benzos. As in I'm terrified to go outside, interact with people, I let ones in my life walk all over me. I'll stay in my room and not leave my place for 3 full days when I'm off because I'm afraid of people looking at me and still thinking I look like a skeleton druggie with all these problems even though I have changed back so much to myself before all the drugs but I'll always be different from the scary experiences I've been through etc. Everyday I think about suicide but I'm too scared to actually ever do it so I hermit at all my off times. 
oh my gossshhh. for real?
NEXT LEVEL SCARY I LIVE FOR THIS SHIT
Why Bruno look like an over grown midget tho?
Hey Jon, are you the new iPhone? cause you're a ten.\n\n\nno homo.
Did you dab when you flip the book??
Dad? that part killed me
I've been searching so long for this on YouTube the last few months and never been able to find a version. This is perfect, she's got such a lovely voice and personality!
Darla was the best!! +O+
They all trannies, abominations hellywierd, now I know why I can't stand watching any of these fools.
Liberals are so fuckin dumb
I got my own shoes, I ain't trying to fit in yours favorite line in the song. Question though he said like I'm joker like mike Posner. Did mike Posner have a song called joker or something? Cause I'm confused.
let's go beat they ass RAIDERs!!
Nice crows feet...
I like Nick Jonas he seems like a very nice guy
Are you my mommy
SSDGM SHE'S A FELLOW MURDERINO !!!
I dont think she shouldve won
in history, if they said that Mount Rushmore was built by the Confederate it will start a bunch of drama and get taken down for all the cry babies that don't want to know that part of history
How did this go viral?
8,000 views + Obama/Democrat support = Trending
Wait was baby taika born on the year of rooster just like me
How'd it work in 90's? when you just pluged into the wall? freedns?
IM HERE!!!
hot shit
They teach it in Hawaii public school but only in 7th and 11th grade.  I was always SO surprised that ppl on the mainland doesn't know.
And you locked the door behind you...? From the outside without a key? Lyin' ass
oh no I'm finished with the channel :(
http://www.bigpumpkins.com/WeighoffResultsGPC.aspx?c=P&y=2017   -- Mathias's pumpkin was over 2,228lb this year! :P Didn't beat out last year's!
Cuphead please
Can you recommend a daily sunscreen for girls with oily skin?
plz subscribe my channel
  
yo was link smoking crack off camera?
Do gabriella next  then bring my mans troy 
Props on that animated movie list 
If you're dating someone, it shouldn't matter if the identify as bisexual...\n\nAs long as they're being faithful, what's the problem?
Whoa! These braids are awesome. Dark hair actually look really good on you
Kyrie diss ?
this is the pinnacle of humor i love these so much
She's adorable, I love her
So, they become drug dealers this season?\n\nI want the OLD shameless back!
I would have walked in slowly and dramatically with my hands folded, and I would say hello my children
Made for eachother? More like exploiting the plant for its food source, and exploration of multiple niches to increase population viability. 
Action Bronson: I don't know it's just left over so I said 'fuck it!' .\nI cook like that tool :D And these are words of wisdom!
I blew my load to early, I imagined this to be like pacific rim, it was more like big toys fighting
His voice is so annoying, yet so pleasing.
was this posted to an anti-gay forum or smth? there are a disproportional amount of hateful comments considering it's common knowledge that this series focuses on a wedding between two women... most of the guys leaving these comments prob aren't subscribed to boldly (lol) and have no reason to be here so i'm just curious as to where y'all came from. aside from that i can totally see how her skin improves throughout the vid!
Tony actually said Next question!
Impressive young man . He seem very genuine and gracious about it all .
I love that smile when Adam got the huge cake..
A bundle of joy she has returned to be. She's not obnoxious anymore, just having simple fun and letting her talent shine. She looks so cute, im glad she's found herself and is more mature :)
If there's going to be RDR Online I am hoping Rockstar can fix the loading screen times, connectivity, as well the firefights it kinda disrupts the fun when you shoot someone only for his corpse to start shooting at you...
Almost at the end they started to ran out of cars to show that there is traffic.
Tiesto like for chile 
Opinion of Mt. Rushmore? AWESOME! Cause its not American Indian land; it belongs to the USA. Don't like it? Too damn bad.
I love you too so come give Daddy some sugar
So are you just reminding us that Allison is the better one?
You two Coll
CHARLIE HEATON GAJDHANSB
everything was fine until the eyeshadow

Soldiers DIED for our freedom and for that flag, for our rights. Our rights include right to show our opinion including peaceful protest, and trump wants to fire them for practicing their freedom? In this situation no one is right because it is disrespectful, but not wrong.
Actually there's another difference about the Merrell twins too, apart from they're nails the other difference is Vanessa's eyes are more apart from each other and Veronica has her eyes more closer to each other.
i like that this video is more realistic in terms of budget haha. alot of good ideas that normal ppl can do :D
This interview was odd and all over the place. SMH
Whenever I press L+R+Start+Select it just resets the game. It doesn't take me to the hub. Perhaps when you flash it, it adds that feature. Normally it does not work in that fashion. Which is why they are pushing those Wii controllers for the extra Home Button.
Ffs why are the so fucking goooooood?????
No a fan of MLP but i am of sia and this song is really good great in fact with artist's like sia sam smith zayn etc there may be still hope for music
Two guys having a baby....ok
This guy is so fucking weird
Yes Maybeline! Yes LAGIRL! Yes L'Oral! Yes Nyx ! Yes thank you for catering to us dark skin girls. Hopefully other brands would wake up! \nYou look beautiful Nyma
I feel bad saying this, I love Demi since Camp Rock but lately ever since her and Wilmer split she changed so much. She even annoys me now.
The most glamorous skull ever!
This is so heart warming\nYou're such an great person.. 
OMG IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING??? ADULT THINGS AHHHHH
  ...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n ..
Roman Reigns is Injured Now & Kurt Angle is in The Team Now 
Coming from a black guy, PewDiePie is not a racist. English isn't his first language and he probably heard the many idiots on PUBG using the word all the time.
Hehe
Fun song, but why is the video like a sin city promo video
Brie When you return to wwe who would you face? Would want to go too raw or smack down? you and Nikki are my favorite divas and Im a Bella army for life
Now she's as old as pyro
Everyone who lives with Cristine is in a constant state of existential crisis. They're all questioning their lives while Cristine sits in the corner dousing them in holo.
PETITION FOR SHANE TO WEAR BLACK LONG SLEEVES 
I have started a new YouTube channel how do I get more subscribers and views ???
DEMI IS SO FUCKING CUTE
You're the best Jamie!
Where did nikki get her blouse i love it.

I am literally addicted to Kyle right now especially his song All 4 You. So when I heard Do you want to start the game again I literally freaked out because I loveeeeeeee Kyle.
hell ya
boeing have been developing an electric aircraft called the sugervolt
The dislikes are the people who thought he was the real klay thompson 
PAUSE AT 0:37 \nTOP 10 BEST CAMEOS OF 2017
Can you please get bit by a horse for the next video? Thanks
Level up whipped cream!!!!!
Who else thinks they should be on Hgtv
Oh this is heartbreaking. Best wishes to all the girls and their families.
Pretty offensive that she's assuming the baby's gender.
YOU'RE TRENDING OML YAAASS BOOOO!!!
Beautifully simple
Wishing you all the best!   I hope you have health insurance to help lighten the load.
Please make a Tasselfairy cupcake! She is so awesome 
Anyone else see that annoying speck on her face?
Whoopi probably gave him a little favor backstage if you know what I mean 
He used magic? I figured it was pretty self explanatory.
This make ETCGs build look like it going at the speed of sound ;)
Trump 2020!
She couldn't help herself ... she had to make it a SEXIST issue .... the actresses said nothing about scumbag weinstein ... they just went along with it to boost their careers  .... it' snot sexism ... it's life
Try the tummy fanny pack!!!
We Australians don't have sex. We mate.
So they shoot loads in each others butts?
Mark is a very strange clown!---however, his creativity is amazing!!  This dance WAS the best dance of the season!!(so far!)
With the way schools have been lately, the outfit with the skirt or the long shirt will not fly. I have no problems with it, but again some schools are ran by sexist dicks and those outfits would get a young lady kicked out.
Phil's gonna get demonetized for Trump's Neckgina in the thumbnail
Yo son that was illy.  I mean yo girl that was lit.  I mean that compilation was comprised of quite exquisite material; my sincerest thank you ladies.
SF QB was incredibly poor. Hesitating way too much even when receivers open & in sight.
Plz luv you
Money is the answer why
If Donald Trump meant Job in a biblical sense... he doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about he's just spouting words he is allowed to say on camera...
Stephen Spielberg is my favourite director along with Martin Scorsese, Christopher Nolan and Antoine Fuqua.
Looks really well done. \n\nWhy do I have a sudden urge to buy an entire set of Ryobi battery powered tools from The Home Depot????
harry potter
It's okay...not gonna say I hate it but Jacob has a weird voice whenever it comes to singing
The Baloo/Robin Hood shot you're looking for is around 8:00. What was the first Disney movie you saw where you thought you'd seen a shot before? What did we miss?
Wow there's a glass elevator at my mall what a shocker to see the same thing on the trending page
LOVE THIS SONG! 
I like
7- No Headphone Jack\n8- No Home Button\n9- No Color (Cause' Black and White is Vintage, A'might?)\n10- No Screen\n11- No Anything, it's just a donation at that point.
garbage HTC gimmick
Yes. Speak against hate.\nOur president should take notes on this speech.
Why is this even trending?\n\nYoutube: dID sOmEoNE sAY seLiNa goMEZ???!!!
Cheaper than a workmanscomp claim
I'd like to have money but, not that much. Tobe born a Getty would suck, you'd be so spoiled,you'd never know or experience what it's like to be a real human being. Your life would be fake.
That Joe dude looks a little Spergy, which is an insult to people with Aspergers all around the world...
If Ronaldo came to my mom would give home 10000 teas
When kwabs sang this song I swear I heard Sam's voice over it. I'm glad he did.\nOMG just realised this is Not the kwabs song. ANYWAY. Sam should have done that.
Anyone know what the song at the end is called?
He is Zalmuron, the REINCARNATED!!
These spam bots are on steroids
Congrats, guys. Glad to be able to welcome Taika into the world.
you say 2-3.5 in of potential height lost. \n...i don't think you understand. my grandma is *short*. like, probably 4'6'', tops.
I THOUGHT GARRET WAS HOLDING A REAL BABY HAHA
150k miles? :D
  
How to do a video that you call everything my mother did wrong by not having an abortion in 45 years or less and then make it about your pathetic lights?
[Intro]\nLet the dancing begin\n\nWhat, wheres everybody going?\nWheres everybody going?\nWheres everybody going? [?]\n\n[Verse 1: Larry & Laurent]\nWhat the hell happened? (what?)\nWhat everybodys on?\nHappy baby made it, made it want to\n[?] (ayy ayy ayy)\n\nDiamonds dance, yeah they movin\nNew whip with a new chick\n(Yeah one day I switched up my friends\nAnd now they just ridin my wave)\n\n[Pre-Chrous: Larry]\nWhy they act like I dont do this (do this)\nIm doin 90 but Im cruisin\nShawty said she want a ring\nCant tie me down, baby I aint stupid\n\n[Chorus: Larry]\nNow she dancin lonely (ayy ayy ayy)\nFlexin with my rollie (ayy ayy ayy)\nShe thought she was the one and only (ayy ayy ayy)\nShe cryin cause she wasnt chosen (ayy ayy ayy)\nRefrain: Laurent]\nHow she gon do me like this (ayy)\nLook at the flick of the wrist (skeet skrr)\nLook at that foreign I wear\nNow she wan get in my shit\n\nHow she gon do me like this\nLook at the flick of the wrist\nLook at that foreign I wear\nNow she wan get in my share (shit)\n\n[Verse 2: Laurent]\nThey only want me cause they [?]\nThey talkin money, dont say nothin\nI be mixin with the baddest John\nLegs open like the Js on me\nI cant hear this, haters pop it off\nBut I know that this is what they want\nThey gon talk about it\nWe gon be about it\nWe gon see whos really winnin (woo)\n\n[Verse 3: Larry]\nStick it in with the things on it\nSaint Laurent with my chains on me\nPop a rubber band, throw that hunnid bands\nMake it dance, make it rain on me\nPre-Chrous: Larry]\nWhy they act like I dont do this\nIm doin 90 but Im cruisin\nShawty said she want a ring\nCant tie me down, baby I aint stupid\n\n[Chorus: Larry]\nNow she dancin lonely (ayy ayy ayy)\nFlexin with my rollie (ayy ayy ayy)\nShe thought she was the one and only (ayy ayy ayy)\nShe cryin cause she wasnt chosen (ayy ayy ayy)\n\n[Refrain: Laurent]\nHow she gon do me like this\nLook at the flick of the wrist\nLook at that foreign I wear\nNow she wan get in my shit\n\nHow she gon do me like this (ayy)\nLook at the flick of the wrist (skeet skrr)\nLook at that foreign I wear\nNow she wan get in my shit (yah)\n\n[Outro]\nLet the dancing begin
Deez nutz.. HAH! GOTTI!!
The funniest part is that the new girl is so bad at even pretending to act. It's like watching a 2nd grader in a play.
gay
Love this look and happy birthday love you so much
Omg. I want it all
get this Sexist, race baiting fook face off the air... Fire this piece of trash
please release it in india
Ugh so true...i miss how things used to be.
Hey I legit actually have a twin so would he be able to get in my phone
AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE OI OI OI
Good picks
Idk why but Kiiara looks like Adele in this pic
When you said stupid homework I thought you said stupid old wreck\nShould finish it though\nI was like what!?
I've always said Selena's name in Spanish so hearing them all say it in English bothered me the whole time
666K subs. Yup that checks out
Was hoping this song was gonna be the lead single off an upcoming album! Would've made a great lead to an awesome album!
Learn how to hold fkn phone while u record this fkn VIDEO is FKN 2017
i listen to this pop everyday i love it so much is this normal??
Just like his honeybee song lmao
wait! Isn't Al Jazera the terrorists main channel for getting their message out? Why is this allowed on YouTube?
Further proving that the cowboys are the worst franchise in the NFL
Made me smile! Thank you Gwen and Blake.
*sniff* oh yea its good :)
awesome
I love this.
I am MAD ! Do the give away on YouTube because not a lot of people have instagram!
Airbud 9 must now be made.
Jackson noooooo
nice one!!! loved it:)
Love this song...
Does anyone know where i can find this movie? I cant seem to find it on any platforms.. cheers.
Love youre intro
U guys are freaking cute. Love you a Cheryl see what I did there.
You're telling me there are people who disliked this video. INCONCEi-
september
I like the don't starve soundtrack.
Then*
Wth is this
it was said in an effort to let richie know that he went too far. As far as the origin of it, at the time that part of the novel was set, shows featuring comedians and variety shows were very poular. At the end of the comedian's jokes, they would beep a horn, similar to the 'drumroll' that we associate with the end of jokes on modern stand up comedy routines. So the beep beep richie part was basically saying, Ok richie, joke's over!
Gawd he sounds like the sweetest grandpappy ever.
Would you test the Asus Zenfone 4 ( standard)
Everyone in the comment section needs to chill. He's holding a large, clunky object with his non dominant hand so he can hold the camera. So what if he's a little clumsy.
damn im atheist i dont know how to feel about this
Fun to watch. But I have no patience for building it.
Ok I will wait to get 50 and then deal with mathematics
I think we are listening an album about a beautiful talented musician girl who joined the high fashion scene and her thoughts about the things she finds ridiculous in it. Its just an idea though so we will see but It is ok beautiful girl, it is ok.. not everyone has the chance you have.. funny song though !
Rudy love your videos:)
I thought DJ K had shooters
That's so cool, dude
Who can't wait for DIY Rap?
It certainly looks like it would have a nutty flavor
I'm crazy about your voice 
I know Google bought HTC but isn't ultra pixel gonna throw people off and remind them of HTC camera set up
Who's watching this video and not bragging about how cool they are for having an older phone?
toss gas on her and light her on fire always a winning prank
I don't see why this got so many men's gears going , like can one of y'all explain
Hello! Can you try the LaSplash Cosmetics UD Foundation? I'm curious to see what you think!
I told you before  and  i tell you now Lovar Ball   the  Pig moutherd  , Loud Mouthed  Proud Ass hole   deserves  to be with the  Gorillas  of   Africa.   and i am  sure all  America hates him.
My Juggalo buddy is one of the hardest working guys I know, I pulled him up out of a crappy dishwashing job, he now owns multiple taco trucks.
Well that escalated quickly \n\n\n\n\n\nAnd the mist rolled in thickly
They deffo shag
Luke LuK LUKE...super sexy dancer
Here's another secret that few realize. The dislike button still works!
https://youtu.be/sly_PesKhYw\nLmao so funny
Are you a peanut with a shell or a shell with a peanut?
what a shitty replay
Time for Conor McGregor to defend his homeland
She's a heaven sent.  Listening to this kid is part of my daily activities.  H\n
Who are these people, what so good about this vid?
I can't wait to hear the whole album !!!
Glad to know I'm not the only one that's exited for autumn and halloween
Hmm looks good I'm interested
i want to get married just to wear this makeup look
Omg I miss your short hair!!! 
Some more puns i'd like to add: \nSwing from the Chandelier\nDirty Chancing\nJust Chance\nWe Are The Chanions \n(As you can probably tell I am very bored haha)
Good recommended video choice.
Mirror mirror is my favorite game
But isn't the energy based on mass? Wouldn't that mean that each soul calculates a different energy due to a different mass. The only constant in E=mc^2 is the speed of light, meaning that there is no way that all the souls have the same energy.
XD
Challenge
I do need a vacation dad. Are you free this weekend?
Wonder if the price of those instruments changed now that the Foos have played em. 
Sensacional!!! DM + Bowie.
See? Cyberstalking me just spiked this video to #23 on trending.
Decir que no te amama es como decir que Carlos vives nunca le canto a su tierra
It's all good Felix. Most of us dont care that much. Steer clear of tumblr for a while though, lots of white 15 year olds are gonna be angry for about 2 weeks. Love you 
What's the name of the corean girl of the skateeee !!! ?
Who else is here at this great song before 1million views? :)
Plan D: Find another person that has a parachute  down and hold on to them, both survive! You shouldn't be alone or your kind of a loser
*Celsius Master Race*
None of these are bizarre. What's bizarre is  people come actually enjoy your over acting
ilove you
The Mexican corn is actually  put into the grill with the leaves. When the leaves burn turn black you remove them. When you peel them they will be July and a tiny bit burned. Lmk if you try it this way
My mood ring is turning black and I'm not sure how I feel about it
Best just got better 
Simply AMAZING!
Loved the review did you see what arnell Armon Did with her fenty lip look.?
Wengie defiantly one the unicorn
Lyanna scares the shit out of me.
First
This look is absolutely gorgeous thanks for the inspiration 
He's such a nasty looking heroin addict
Actually it's kind of true 
Wow That was a whole lot of nothing
Weird
You can notice immediately that something is wrong there - empty streets
I like the French  it's very nice and natural and it beautiful and classy. The American is like a HUGE overdose and I feel like it's covering up YOU. Like ur covering everything up tbh Loved this video tho! It was very interesting 
At McDonald's I asked what they made the milkshake out of. They said not ice cream lmao so what is it?!
C'mon pop blast stop with the click bait titles. You could of just said Woman instead of 16 year old 16 and 28 yrs of age is some distance apart. Ridiculous
And I was planing on making a film soon, how convenient, and I'm broke.
Omg it's Lancelot from kingsman
hell yeah bittersweet symphony by the rolling stones! im watching this for sure. Huge stones fan
Whats inside a Onewheel
Woah ! Mayweather can spell! 
I'm freaking out I love this so muchhhh
jon baptiste colbert
This speaks to me on a spiritual level
*Hey*\n\n\n\n\nYeah you *scrolling through the comments.* I'm a small youtuber and my dream is to get to be one of the famous up with Pewdiepie and Markiplier. If you could take 1 minute out of your day to see what my channels all about I'd be very happy ^-^ anyways, have a lovely day!
Las Vegas = Laws Vegas \n\nLas Vegas Gun Laws: Open Carry, Concealed Weapons, Machine Guns All Legal in Nevada. Nevada has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country, a legislative condition that is sure to come under renewed scrutiny in the wake of the worst mass shooting in U.S. history.
I have a YouTube channel it is cooper Geyer
My gf just played this on the t.v. and here I am ready for a fresh new hot dad track and suddenly I'm hoping she doesnt see my tears. R.I.P. jax
Like the voice not the song
Please do these more!!! i love them!
It's obvious were in a computer. Not just any computer but an iPhone. Thats right, we are in the Emoji Movie.
#STFakeAnima\nA couple go and take a midnight swim in the ocean when suddenly Akazar (the guy) disappears. Now Lara with the help of her deep sea friends try to help him escape.\n\nPlease like if you want Thomas to see
Lets say if human ends aging in the future then we must cease regular reproduction as well
Who dis?
No, he doesn't have a case. He's not the same player. He had a slew of injuries the past few years.
It's very beautiful, it's insane how far technology has gone
Guessing before even hearing it because pickup lines: Will you hold something for me? *pretends to be holding something, then holds your hand instead when you reach for it.* He ain't smooth he just saw/read it somewhere; it's a popular one.
Hi Mike You have already learned wheelie and manual maybe now try learn to stoppie or stoppie hc try 10m or 20m.\nAnd look this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBouLSdUMAc.\nGuys pls like this.
do meet arnold tusinami or nuke\nthis is REQ
what  do you  expect  I from the  hood.
Writes Toyota, has a Mazda Rx8 oin the video...
It was so much better when it was directed at a British audience.
The Dodo .damn you for making a grown man cry ! Lol
Yo mama's got some skills XD
Do a video on the Axolotl
That knock on the door feels real
His eyes when he goes to toilet!lmao
Independence
they took 4 decades i took 4 min knowing about their 4 decades
your look today is giving me Beauty Killer album cover vibes and I'm loving it
This gon b Epic
Can't wait to see the invoice at the end, material 1K labour 1million :)
Why does jack in the thumbail look like he had enough of the emoji movie
Amazing
What are words really?
Qualcuno conosce la traduzione?!

THIS IS FREAKING AMAZING. I'M SHOOK. I FEEL LIKE A PROUD MOM
Dead Rising
So I can just buy a 7 Plus and easily tell people its a 8 Plus and theyll easily believe it 
Came for Luke 
   
Sorry, but online bullying is never going to go away.
The phrase Planes of future  has two problems. One - they will be electric, two - may be nobody will fancy air route as it is inefficient.. Will be replaced by private small flying cars for short distances and hyperloop like techs for longer distances
esta perra w
Who's here before it blows up
So obsessed with how youre getting more into YouTube !!! Yas queen 
yayyy
trump needs to pull  out  our troops from  that region and let the  locals  slaughter each other.. then  they will see  the depth of  the  real world  with  real  issues..  funny how this drama  Queen can't remember any of the names who were working for her ..such hypocrites..time  to boycott these  agitators.  time to boycott abc!    they are agents for the  Democratic party..  .  all leading up to the midterm elections?  Benghazi?  ask  Hillary  pull  the  troops out .pull out the  troops...then they  will see  reality  !
Is that Harry Lloyd reading?
Bodak kodak hmmm
Just checked the tax and MOT on the DVLA website - looks like you're still good to go until Jan 2018 - that's when the tax runs out. But it's listed as GREY on the DVLA website. You need to notify them that it's now grass or it could invalidate your insurance - completely ignoring the fact that it probably needs a Q plate for all the bbq / jacuzzi mods...
why is there gray hair in hulk, i have a problem with that, it throws me out of the movie lol, worst hulk ever, ang lee's hulk would utterly dominate ruffio's hulk...this movie needs more black and white, too much color that a blind man could see
I know train isn't really popular in the US, but I highly doubt that electric planes will be in concurrence with trains in Europe. Distances here are really shorter and the major advantage of train stations is that as they were pretty much all built in the late 1800's/early 1900's at the periphery of cities, they are now the heart of the cities. You get down the train and you are immediately where you need to be (most of the times with a lot of easy public transportations). Take Paris for example : its 4 majors train stations are all in the middle of the city while you need at least 30 more minutes to get back from airports to the centre (not even counting the checks and everything). That being said, even if we laugh a lot about it, train transportation is very developped and popular here in France, with high-quality high speed railways and a great local network and there might be a hole to fill in other countries, especially in the US with congested traffic
Im full Thai and Im bisexual. I havent come out yet, because Im scared that my friends will act differently around me
This song vaguely reminds me of Mumford and Sons. Not sure why, it just does.
Alex loves his family so much
Great....Ill die before the things I need happen lol
Just like watching the Princess of Whales work with children. Diana's love beams thru his eyes.
I don't understand why everyone tries to blame Trump for everything when most of the problems we have in this country were preexisting long befor trump. The truth is we have a massive homeless population that we cannot even feed or house. We have the highest prison population on the planet, so much tax money with every president wasted and nothing to show for... a massive national debt on top of that. Our minimum wage is a joke, our FDA is a joke and there is massive corruption amongst politicians and wall street. All existed before trump and will be there after. Trump is merely a scapegoat so people can pretend that if he was not the president we would all be living a Clinton Utopia... I think not.
I love the sushi pillow :D
jesus christ I'm glad somebody finally pointed this out
Didn't you already do this with undertale?... I know it's not the same thing but it kind of is
At the beginning it sounds like young dumb and broke 
Go stream the album and Spotify she deserve that #1 spot on billboard 200 .
I love her laugh lol
if the bars span would that not still have the same problem?
Ayyyyyyye
When a Muslim commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Muslims.  When an African American commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all African Americans.  When a Hispanic commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Hispanics.  But when a white guy commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame everyone else.
https://www.facebook.com/TheHookOfficial/videos/2001632623235519/.   I think this will help your Harry Potter party
This dude out here trying to deliver the Krusty Krab pizza
I remembered when a boy I think like my age and this is what he said can you hold your phone with the camera on and I siad ok then he did a pose then he said take a pic ok i said then he left I looked at the picture I was in a cold goosebumps shack and I am a girl do not look at the pic of my dad
4th video on trending is about all the great things about the apple x and 5th video on trending is this dissing it out like the crap it is
UNFAIR! I thought Maisie was trained to do jumps and stuff in this scene.
#rip
Why is Th e for cost more every time side change my 8s 900
Mykie I love you but its almost Halloween and you have done barely any tutorial, whats going on?
i saw the title and thought \noh no what will i watch now...
I've been watching since day one and I loved you then and I love you even more now. You're a joy to watch, never stop doing you!! Xo
Frankie continues to surprise me every week. I enjoy watching him so much.
Before Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri hits theaters, you guys should do Everything Wrong With either In Bruges or Seven Psychopaths, or both.
Stop making money off animals you fucking losers.
yash prabhudesai india
Who's the one who already has the bell on me
I love this song 
I love this
Oh yee
Why do all her videos keep trending?! They arent even getting that many views when they do
Floyd Mayweather, the swimmer.
Now I want to see Samantha in an episode of Homeland
When they were holding up the magazine of Ellen the mom in background was covering her daughters eyes
Skinny people,FAT PEOPLE BITCH
Say, Oh please, you're just a baggage handler.
what are those 2 characters with crowns on guccis sweater?? Does anybody know this brand ?
ALSO, I AM  confused 1:49 secondes into the vedio
i just hope they don't make nancy and jonathan a thing. \ni was so glad this show didn't follow that girl-dates-a-popular-guy-but-suddenly-she-fallsinlove-with-that-weird-guy overused plot.
Jimmy Olander from Diamond Rio on Lead Guitar...... cool.
I'm 31 and he loooooks waaaay older than me ...
I love it!
I wants a cat shirrrrt! >.<
2017 anyone?
https://xn--g0haaaaaaaaaaaa.gq/r/ Video Indirme Linki
Butterscotch !
Yass, some banging singles will do well!! Good choice TAY-TAY!!!
Please do this with Little Mix
So much reasons to send them to the sun.
it's nice but not worth $800
...She didn't want to get off cause she was going to visit her dad, didn't she say her dad is having surgery?
Omg my name is on the shirt
I suppose they want us to stop calling shirts with collars polos, referring to mopeds as vespas, and assuming all pregnancy pills are plan B also.
this is so fucking good i needed this
Star vs the forces of evil plz
Can you please do a video on autism
Wow a glass elevator.. Like i have not seen those... Oh it has a glass door!!! What an add on.
Your Bible does not have the holy name of the Son and the Father, Yasha Ahayah Bible Scriptures  https://www.amazon.com/Yasha-Ahayah-Bible-Scriptures-Study/dp/1771433264/ref=tmm_hrd_title_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1495595262&sr=8-16
Microbes must love the likes of chocolate...I crave it.
thats actually really nice, i might let a patch of grass grow up next year to try this.
I love you Sarah!
Meodeos
Chloe you should make a video about you favourite of every product
I'd probably accidentally kick it while building, like the venom wall, and all the work gone.
I hope she makes a video when she gave Tyler and kweeva an ultimate punishment
you have the cutest voice
Imma eat some pork\nImma have a little bit of pork\nImma try the pork\nJust eat the damn pork. U dont have to announce it!
More mash-ups please.
Oh hey, I'm a roofer.
Virtual existence FTW. No bacteria. No need for food or sleep. Just the most efficient utilization of energy.
is it just me or does he remind you of Jacksepticeye
news blowing it out of proportion....thanks....take how many pitches and at bats there is in a season then give us the number.....it's probably like .01% ur gonna get injured...
Cool video, are you Canadian?
Why is this on trending
your father is simply a sensation . Very sympatic
Thanks I'm gonna try this now
DONT QUENCH IN WATER!!! It cools the blade too much and makes it brittle
The only way a Megyn Kelly talk show could be anywhere near remotely entertaining  is if it involved her stripping down and showing off those floppy, whithered, 46 year old fun bags.\nREPLY
*Other Videos* :\n 1 Million likes,\n100k comments.\n\n*Colinfruz's video* :\n1 Million likes\n2 k comments.\n\nPeople are probably getting inspired and working their ass off tbh

okAY IT MADE ME CRY SO, THEREFORE, ITS THE BEST
sWooZie is the man he get all the grls
Is this a Hell Boy story line ?
That is amazing
Britain has been sending a bill to the U.S. every year since 1773 for the tea that we threw into the harbor. Every year we disregard it and dont pay it off
At 2:31 Travis sounds like Cole 
Great work! I loved how you recreated the massacre at the start, especialy liked the blue dacia hitting a fella. I'm astonished how good the buggy jump, flight and landing looked from editing perspective with all the dust and sounds, excellent work indeed. The whole stimming gave a good laugh as he swallowed every pill :D. Keep up the good work, love your videos!
It's so heartwarming to see all three sisters together making fun videos such as this. Bless your sweet hearts 
Simon brodkin
Is the price for the box in us$ or Canadian?
Future Bass with Gryffin! Go make a collab with Phoebe Ryan! Pls!
how did this dude get to demo he doesn't even know what he's doing lmao
Big\nMexican\nWerner
EYYYY Cattoo
Y'all making the most out of nothing
Usher still got the pipes maaaaaaan
Girl, where on earth have you been? It's good to have you back!
They said they detected two black holes colliding which happened along time ago but the data is just reaching us and we are collecting it through these bad ass machines they have. I'm sure there is more too it than that but that's what I have got from it.
Someone should send these videos to africa. Maybe they'll finally develop.
I'm not a fan of yellow so I'm not a fan of the room but seeing her reaction made me like it tbh
You know Harvey Weinstein isn't the only one in Hollywood doing this. Everybody knows there are execs and producers who pressure you to have sex to get a role or advance your career. If they really care about getting to the bottom of it, then this should be just the tip of the iceberg.
Lost him at thousands dead
Eggplant purple hair. Will look stunning with your blue eyes.
I love Victoria!!! Great interview! Thanks :)
What the hell kind of bullshit is this

So does thisean there is no ultra Pixel like iPhones iPhone 10 or some all screen almost bezzleless look or what's expected?
The funniest part of the video is it showing the left as being able to sustain a civil war. There all a bunch of gun hating, tree hugging, gender neutral, white bashing cucks. None of these qualities tell me damn I don't want to engage in combat against them. If anything it would be like a real life version if COD multiplayer with the right using the newbs on the left as target practice. Lol
David Attenborough can give you an orgasm with his narration.
BRILLIANT. IS THERE A BTS VIDEO???
I could pay my rent with your face.
I can look at her eyes all day long, very beautiful!. Can't wait for the app. She is a nice person,  read she visit a fan i think from the UK, she met on Instagram.
Since Tattoos are a sign of low self esteem, mental illness and even lower IQ the question should have been which do you think is the least important loser.
So it looks like the GoPro 6 footage suffered from the file conversion? Because it looked like poop next to the Gopro 5.. :p
Christen where did you get your contacts!!!!#wewannaknow
How do we even let live her into this country?
Etheriot
Truly thought that was Harley Quinn at first
Raw power I take that as darth Vader
I would tell you a pun but God says to rest on punday
no comments, 5 likes, 1 dislike, and less than 1000 views. Youtube rigged algorithm at its finest.
9:58 - 10:02 thats what she said lol
Can you review 'i saw it first.com'
Don't suffer
Were going *INHALE* see improving *INHALE* weather as the *INHALE* day goes on...
Please make one for *Westworld* , you have clearly perfected the art .
Teleport Arnold up my ass or up a girl
The guys in the back miming along must have felt a bit goofy!
what if it's pa-tented, but not pay-tented?
I like math and science, but too much to fast
i think YSAC went through a bad breakup, it's ok just subtly tell us with cucumber slices
Wow! She managed to utilize some English words! Amazing!
*cotton candy
Liza, you know you should prepare you videos before Wednesday and post on Wednesday when you are done editing.
Action kinda seemed like a dick on the last episode he was on with Sean, but looks like they were best buds in this one, good shit. Also, I would devour both of those sandwiches lol
Anything he else see the mouse go across the screen early in the video? 0:05
What is a suppressor used for
A top ten list on special forces or counter terrorisom units
Omg i am so happy for you
Just me who loved that John Byoga talked over everything
Another prime example of the master race....
You should do Harley Quinn the comic one
Well, that just cemented my crush on Elizabeth Banks.
Apple gonna get *salty*
God Bless & Jesus Bless you & your Family members & you all have an Blessed everybody Amen
So basically it is the best phone but I don't have enough battery time to enjoy it. 2017 is still a joke.
M83 fans where you at?
I just had ear surgery i hated it reply and like if you have ever had ear surgery i had to have tubs
Fire fire fire fire
#ParkerCircle
until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XHEPoMNP0I
My gosh. I can only dab for a short 12 seconds.
Cubs will repeat.
Great song and great tribute to those that passed away
I keep waiting for her to fall, like a lot of pop-stars from the 90s.. She gets better.
My Panther WILL have a better season than they did in the 2016-2017 season XD....... let's hope Cam don't storm off crying again XD.
You are beautiful. You are amazing. You embody authenticity. Thank you! For everything. You shine such a bright light! 
I love the IT one
Co2 is a harmless gas that actually makes the earth greener. And because you don't have children you are childish adults
Hahahahaha, hahahahahaha you still think Trump Russia is a thing? Hahahahaha,  hahahahahaha,  hahahahahaha
In my 26 yrs of life I've learned that patience and passivity are two very different things.
The question is does it always depend on your surroundings ? So if the people you know are very judgmental and hurtful can you be vulnerable or should you be ? It's not wise to be vulnerable around a bully because he she will take advantage of that...so it's about the people around you more than you
You know my team got the suace , i look up to Jesus and Irverson uhh that's a mean double cross
I didn't even know it was national coming out day, but I came out to my mom as bi!
1:44\n Turning Diameter of 19ft*. Radius is only to the halfway point. Diameter is all the way across the circe.....hmmm maybe i did learn something in high school.
She got incinerated and reformed each once before that, in the same episode, as well as being stabbed in the face by Hughes earlier, as well as earlier deaths that we're not going to be privy to, so your calculations will be way off here.
 2 .     . 
Maggie Gyllenhaal is one of Hollywoods ugliest celebrities.  Proof that you don't need talent or good looks to become famous, just Jewish connections.
Love the new day cameos
It is the photography that has made this mission so great!
Thats a dope ass unboxing thanks Flossy
Rest in hell
Am I the only 1 who thinks he doesn't sound like he looks? ._.)
You deserve more subs !!!!!!!!!!
No home button?
put the subtitles please in the information I want to sing the song.
Anyone know what serial killers will be featured? i can see obviously Ed kemper, Jerry Brudos, Richard speck and a shot of BTK in the last trailer, thats all i can tell.
IN LOVE
I like that how smart they are but don't foresee radiation
Giants lost that more than Detroit one that easily I trust the process no jackrabbit or bj Goodson definitely hurt us as well.. this tea strong!
Bisping is hilarious
     ,            ,        ,        
When u ask ur mom for something and she yells at u and u tell her to calm down \nMom: don't ask me to calm down
It's just sad it's gotten to the point to where people feel like they have to make these kinds of videos now.
Perfect For You
I miss emo Anthony {>^>,}
whaaa.. Flossy this is the first review in 4 years that you just seemed not interested in.  You can tell in your voice you were sort of like  whatever   Note 8 still is sexy as hell.
I'm Mexican and I'll say Puerto Ricans are some of the most talented people on the planet!
Twin peaks yowww
Hey maybe add a safety parachute and could play. on and on by NCS. or monody by the fatrat
1:20 aw look at that dog
I hated the remake... Original was ok at its best as well though but this look ssllllaayyyyss!!!!!
This made me cry
GET ALEX JONES
Holy shit the blatant disconcerting reading-face she's doing is the most distracting thing I've seen in weeks, and the fact that you had to KEEP CUTTING TO HER RANDOMLY forced me to keep most of the video off the screen at all times because seeing her leaning forward staring at the cue cards/prompter made every word she said turn into those sounds adults made on Peanuts cartoons.\n\nIf you have to bring someone on that can't read without leaning in and making it obvious, at least don't cut to her at random frequent intervals so it's less of a distraction.
i cant chose between 'free will' or 'determinism'. even if i knew wich one would make me happier. i dont chose to believe something. i look at the facts and decide which one seems more plausible.chosing one over the other because of preference can only be done by ignoring facts
Yo guys
LVE IT, Who agrees??
Its funny how it can be pitch dark and my galaxy s8+ will unlock with the iris scanner instantly; and for me its not even akward to do, i never have to hold the phone up to eye level i just look down and it unlocks.
All I can say is that the amount of irony,  mindless optimism and waffle is very telling that the conservative leadership don't know what they are doing, don't know how to do it and their internal divisions are magnified 10 fold within the country the purport to lead. I'm sure the EU negotiators watched in stunned silence with all the let's be creative, dynamic, practical platitudes. Time is ticking and so far ZERO, ZIP, NADDER has been agreed. We will cliff edge, economy tank and before we know it Jeremy Corbin will be PM with his 60's socialist protest politics. UK will face 10 years of decline while the EU surges ahead, unencumbered by the moaning Brits. Ah well, time to relocate.
Everyone can be an asshole, disability or not.
Im so waiting for this first song
Yay, guns and fresh food 
Look me  with the golden state warriors hat in Chicago
4:18 *_OH FUCK NO_*
He isnt a terrorist, it wasnt for political gain. Get your facts right
Yay I live in Japan!
And what about the witness who said there was a woman at the concert harassing people, trying to fight them, and telling them you're all going to die tonight??? Why isn't ANY major media covering this part of the story? Don't you think you might want to follow up on that little detail? Mainstream media is A JOKE.
colleen i love you!! you deserve to be so happy you worked so so hard 
Is next to the World Trade Center. Win win for me.

poor investment advisor can't afford pants with no holes.
Hey you should do a video on ehhhmmmm\n\n\n\n\n\nWHat HapPens whe white p0eple watCh xxxtentacion-Look at me (Official Video)
noway!
I love Banks, bu t i dont like this song
I love this song 
That IT bar hard.
I didn't know I wanted this.
Did you guys pay attention to the credits?? That's the best fucking thing about the video\nBody removal by\nHis name is Jeff
Where was this product during high school in P.E. \n\n\nP.E.? Guuuuuurl, who you fooling.
Was the sword able to get hard enough to keep an edge?
You look like a portnstar I don't remember her name
Love this guy!
This dude needs his whole show, Stephen A & Lavar Ball.
This is sad. Not because she couldnt figure it out. But because its obvious how much time she spends using daddys iPhone rather than playing outside etc.
Lord be with us. Why did all those people have to die like that? Why did all those happy people suffer like that? I've cried all week trying to recover myself. It hurts but we just have to keep moving forward with the life we still have
YAAASSSS ! I LITERALLY CAN'T WAIT !!!
Someone is on a 20 dollar budget until this car is paid off
Aren't us white people terrible? Good thing we have Hollywood to tell us.
YASSSSSS
I was totally dieting until like 4/5ths of this video, then I quit and ate a bowl of cereal hahahah
Trump is a Demolition Man who does not know how to use 3 Seashells
man you a hater , legend has it that jason seen his mom get killed, the hockey mask is better than teds crap, and that chick nipples was ok for a 80 chicks, what we need to ask is what ginny was gonna tell paul when they was about to fuck, is it that she didnt take a shower, was on her period, or she has herpes.
Watching school of life is the sort of addiction this video warns of
This was actually pretty sick
luke: is the dark side stronger? \nyoda: ask funny you should
i shed a tear when i see Campbell in a jags uniform
Love love love!! Brazil 
I love how they used Jordans song! 
Johnnie Walker is alright but... Macallan... Balvinie... They're better.
Am I the only one that loves the movie series as much as the books? The actors are great and the sets and visuals are amazing too
Marshmello i love your music since i discovered you 2 years ago keep it up man your music gives me hope, happiness and joy in my favorite genre which i call it the mello i wish i could use moving on in my youtube videos it would be a great honor if you would allow me to use it, it's my favorite sobg besides alone!! #WeLoveMarshmello
Im pretty ALERGIC to CYANIDE AND HAPPINESS
And Franklin's?!?
Like if you are German 
Omg! The Christmas is here  I'm gonna clean my room now
Wow!!!
Can I use this video is it copyrighted
made by and designed by is two very different concepts :)
Jenna you should be on a comedy sit com! I nearly died laughing when I saw the vacuum come out and the expression on your face.! LOVED the video!!! All 3 of you kept me laughing!!!
once you eat a krispy kreme donut, all other donuts taste like a bagel
Let me have one any of them
I love seeing you opening up more to us <3
That last bit where she is asking for her album, I would have grabbed the show case of her music and thrown it at her scream you can have it all my queen!
Hilarious and original!! Love it.
#NotMyPresident
Love the French side.
My break from my phone is photography... granted, I listen to music via my phone, but at least I'm not still staring at it... and fuck off if you say my cameras a screen, I spend much more time looking around and through the view finder than at the screen
When people ask you what your job is, how do you describe it?
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus Christ! He LOVES you! Believe it! Don't listen to the lies of the enemy, Jesus is not angry at you! Call upon The Lord today, and become free from your sins! \nJesus delivered me from my old life! I have peace and joy now! I want you to experience the same!\n\nJesus died for us! This alone shows how MUCH The Lord loves us! So come as you are, and let Him wash you! \n\nI pray you make this moment you call upon Him, because you may not get another chance! Tomorrow is not promised to any of us, however, free salvation in Jesus Christ is! Hallelujah!\n\nShalom, friends!
Savage.
This sounds really terrible but why would you WANT to be alive during an apocalypse? The earth would never be the same again and you can't live your life, you can't have a family, get a job or fulfil your dreams. Tbh, the lucky ones are the ones that die quickly at the start, I would rather die that way than die slowly and painfully from hunger/ radiation or any other way you could die. I'm not saying I wouldn't try to survive but I mean, it's sorta true.
So is it indestructible?
Happy birthday red beardguy
electric aircraft is like cold fusion. NEVER GONNA HAPPEN!
Who else didn't get any adds while watching this?
Damn y is Jordyn so fucking medicated?
bout to be broke
I listen Misty mountais music every week and now I need to listen this one too... Epic music! Congratz about it!
Beautiful
There are so many types of guys to date nice video Lilly love you 
This his real if you take a picture of Robert with out permission he will hunt you for your life until you died I'm not joking.
OMG, John you look like you lost weight. Just an observation.
one can of soda in a week. Taste nasty after a while of not drinking soda.
Now i just need to justify an $800 lego set.... hmmm
If only normani had a red jacket they would all be matching
Ice Powers
I'll give it to them it's a stupid idea for the most likely high price it's going to be but it is a nice looking jacket plus wouldn't you need to charge the jacket and if you do then I will just repeat myself you have to change a freaking jacket
I cried when she pulled out the Fenty sneaker alternative lmao
Michigan so wack. I'm licensed nd cant even find a job
Am I supposed to feel sorry for this goofy looking piece of shit?
This guy gets it.  Those who died for our country died so that people could exercise their rights whether people agree with it or not.\n\nIn actuality, 5 hose who are protesting are in fact respecting those whom have given their lives over US history.  What is disrespectful is sitting on your ass and doing nothing with the rights that you have.\n\nAs the old saying goes I may not agree with what you say but I will defend, 7th my death, your right to say it!
How does Arnold get everywhere get to the chopper!
Hyperspace gates?
But is it as cringey as 13 Reasons Why?
No mention on how the call experience was like, or how it worked, when u actually had LTE coverage? Or, maybe you just never had LTE coverage?
Um, Hela is Loki's Daughter, which would make her Thor's Step Neice.
This scene is way better in the manga.
Can this be a sitcom?
IM GUESSING ITS A PJ LINE
Red Ribbon army, now i'm fucking interested in your creation , i feel a bit of DB/DBZ/DBS in this trailer.
Nice, a ?
Basically continuity comes in other forms apart from stupid post-credit scenes
Who else caught the girl taking the sugar of the table??
what about the sound we hear?
Lol what a joke
Honestly she's right this time.
Omg Timothee looks so hot when he is smoking and watching Armie dancing with a smile!!!!!
The color looks really good, I'm so glad that she made an effort to be inclusive.
Hulu, please stop. Before you lock comments and declare this an alt-right mob, please know I'm generally neutral politically, and even I hate this. It's pandering garbage and you should be ashamed. You should have more respect for your brand, and as a paying customer of your ad-free service, I'm rethinking my subscription.
Pallette need more tenacious teal
it's josh duns birthday
The mom has blonde hair... and yes, both parents having blonde hair increases the chances of having blonde children, it also doesn't guarantee it.
Monitor:\nLG38UC99-W\nOr\nDELL UltraSharp U3818DW\n\nMouse:\nLogitech MX Master 2S\n\nKeyboard:\nLogitech G613
LA Dodgers NL Champs FTW!!
Wait so it was done by doubles :'(
Sounds like san juan
This looks interesting
Also eye-tracing is a thing. He purposefully keeps your eye in one quadrant of the frame or moves it. The real question is what motivates that move?
And to think, I didn't even know about the damn sauce until today, 2 days later, Monday 9 October. I certainly didn't see any crazy crowds around town anywhere. I think everybody fighting over it just wanted to get one to put on eBay and try to make a quick buck, just like it is with every rare, limited edition item. But now they're bringing it back into regular supply this winter, so jokes on these idiots.
Bro that is so dangerous
Who's here before a million views ?
Is everybody on youtube doing drugs 
when he says flowing like no other can i get another, may i the only one who thinks it sound like love me like that. like imma be a diva give me what a needa, flowing like no other can i get another. doesnt it sound similar
OmgI swear that I've cried. Stop to kill yourself in your videos!!
I got the e-audiobook from the library on release day (still waiting for my pre-order to get here in the mail), and devoured it in one day. I cried twice. I loved so many aspects of this novel, but will leave it at that to keep the comments spoiler free.
Its a Pumpkin spice latte cake!!!!! <3
technically drinking water does help get rid of toxins, through urination.
Meanwhile, Iman was chilling with the Bodega Boys
So, is this like a prequal to bones?
If u want ur fruit to get riper faster cut off the flowers that are grown so the plant can focus on growing the fruit
I absolutely love this look!
TEAM BORIS!!!! Ella and Boris is my OTP
God damn this video has ads lol.
Llllloooovvveee it boo boo!! 
I learned about this today at school
Eminem and Cavulto both rip Trump a new one
I like that how smart they are but don't foresee radiation
im so happy you guys made this. its sad and very surprising that you got negative feedback on your Tweet Hannah, but i love this video because I've been trying really hard over the last year or two to do exactly this; love myself (and love myself before i love someone else). its really important to me personally because I've never felt that way about myself before. thanks again guys!
#5 ohhhh boy this ones prevalent in the art community
Teoooo kraljina
No, YOU are the sunshine in my life.
Ryobi much?
This video is a tribute to the lives lost September 11, 2001 and all the brave men and women who died of illness years after participating in the rescue and recovery effort.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/zz11ZTB9Mdg\n\n#Don't forget 9/11\n#follow Claire
He seems so much happier now that Han Solo is dead.
I'm from Finland and I'm not offended. Love you Joe <3
Would it be possible to make a History of Alex Mercer?

This was informative and surprisingly easy to follow. Chelsea is a very engaging speaker.
Where is your shirt from? I love it!!! And thanks for the awesome review 
So happy for you guys! What a beautiful little family! Stay happy! 
Stop being fat
I'm new to Cassini and everything, but it's incredible what it's accomplished. breathless.
Justine is so pretty!!
So this is why kroll got his shows canceled not funny
Yall should do rocky horror!
Who is playing the Nintendo behind?
I had a PBR once, almost didn't have it right after drinking it.
Obama must of really neen hard off for some work after trump became president.
What the heck is a proton? And does oscillating mean twerking? I thought water was a fluid - what, we can go smaller? said in alien vernacular
Im in tears. I havent been out of my room in days, I havent eaten, Ive been crying and getting so angry everyday. I had never watched your videos but this was recommended to me. Youre what I needed to watch. It makes me happy to see someone doing what youre doing.
Loving Bobby's haircut what a cutie 
ESTO ES REALMENTE HERMOSO, TANTO LA CAUSA CMO LA CANCIN EN ESPAOL 
Wow, what a long probation Igor had.
SPOOOOOILER FUCKEN WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (at 6:20)
It took me half the video before I realised he changed shirts LOL
MY POTATO FAMILIES
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!
buguei
I love this guy..
They JOKED about it!!
sounding good
Chug that protein shake baby
I'm confused when asked how many hours went into the project that guy started saying 7days times 12hrs a day and then they come up with the number 1512...
Really killed 2 people gets away with it now he live and gets out really like wtf that man deserves to be dead
apple releases notch with controversial design, baits people to buy it for $1000 then removes notch next year and makes people re-buy for $1000
She is an embarrassment to politics.  Please shut her up!
The science guy seriously he thinks all about is Science not know we are meeting from God what are we like desk you were something
Nigga is overrated
Snakes are so cute!
Yakuza
know how YouTube is thirsty af? when you see two lesbian clips on trending 
https://youtubem.video/r/?K1cK3NA00ZabUt8y1OTTdfjR9srwBony=pmkfMJFMKGIgrk8if3mlCfJYxiACvctBo5Geqy
OMG THIS IS SO ME
go figure the largest hurricane on record is from 1979. Almost 40 years ago. And I'm sure there were plenty much bigger before Modern Equipment to Measure them. SUCK IT Global Warming LIARS.  It's all a HOAX.
Fun! I would have done much worse!
This is the song T Swift wishes she had written...
I want Bella hadidd to do that too
No se como no les puede gustar, la cancin es completamente mental, presiento que sera uno de los mejores discos de enter shikari, hay una vibra bastante siniestra en estas nuevas canciones y recuerden que en vivo siempre hacen remix o cambios bastante buenos, HYPE AF
Oh... she is saying quote...
Does this mean Obama was the first gay president? No wonder the left worship him
This guy has been terribly abused. The industry demolished him...
YES FINALLY!!!!! I LOVE THESE KIND OF VIDEOS THANK YOUUUUU LOVE YA
This channel sucks. The rock is the man and is my favorite entertainer of all time but if he is not going to be in the videos, what's the point.
Bring it! ;)
beautiful video !
Jenna Marbles should do this too
Bruce actually does sign dick's adoption forms while hes distracted by Barbra, thinking it was just a normal autograph
You just meshed my two favorite drinks together. God bless your soul!  I have to try this.
Anyone realized that after party studios produced this? (Callux's company) pretty dope!
Congrats *^*
Did you just call Heineken... Bargain beer?!
unoriginal wanker
Noice Apple Juce right there beacuse Noice
it wont load! $%#@
I love watching your videos and your edits are lit 
Sorry man I haven't been watching ur vids just that I'm busy with school
another beautiful song 
Decir que no te amama es como decir que Carlos vives nunca le canto a su tierra
I miss the Black Eyed Peas Fergie :(
How come when I see these in space videos I never see much space. I would rather not see astronauts doing the same things we do here.
MY ALEXA STARTED TALKING RIGHT NEXT TO MY DESK IN SYNC WITH THE ALEXA IN THE VIDEO
This is the best Hyundai commercial.
check out my funny videos and subscribe
ANGELICA HALE IS THE DESERVING CONTESTANT TO WIN AMERICAS GOT TALENT !!!
Do a. Idea with allisa!!
i want to be an anmater like you
What she said was true!
damn he looks so much better
Just wandering...\nIF its hot outside AND we really need to try this, can't we refrigerate it for couple of hours and enjoy as a cold drink... 
Jeff - Great work! I really enjoyed watching it.
shane... are you wearing make up?
https://politicalmayhem.news/wikileaks-julian-assange-just-revealed-what-really-happened-in-las-vegas-and-it-is-bad-for-the-fbi/amp/
Dude try to meet messi chris I don't like ronaldo
It's for when you have something with a bit of weight to it stored in there (mobile phone, etc), so it wont come flying out on steep hills, accelerating, etc.
Me probocaste un hamburguesa, voy a comprarla xD
I do it frequently
It's weird seeing Madelaine smile cuz she never does that on Riverdale 
try this - https://www.pointsprizes.com/r/100-amazon-20-gift-card-hack-method
God hates Communism
Mate! This song is awesome! Such a good tune! This is going to be top 3 on billboard charts for sure!
Fly the friendly skies, or what used to be
Sucks being 0-3, but I'm proud of the 49ers after this game. Played hard and good. GG Rams, I know you'll be going places soon.
Who are them lil guys on wops shirt and shoes tho?
I love it when those drums kick in throughout the song <3
I wish Gordon would shard my potatoe no homo
To me this makes me think of Weezer! Brings back great memories! Lol
=
The best 2 artist's combined  So inlove with this song 
A panel  of  Hillary  freaks.
Gordon: was the popcorn put in the microwave?\nWorker: yes\nGordon: DONKEY!
Alex why are you pranking your girlfriend
Raw meat or cooked steaks? Pretty big difference. The click bait is strong with this one.
Amy Adams is the talented one, thats how I tell them apart :)
Get a Home-Depot Bucket, get some plastic bags= Instant Potable Toilet :)
Love or hate her but she can sing
not funny, not original.  go away
that truck looks like the back part of akira bike

   
Waow! Respect! 
black pudding is made of pigs blood
2:00 On the point of there being an information imbalance, does that mean that what should have happened was Wikileaks, having been given the emails of the DNC showing collusion, corruption, and rigging of the primaries, should have not released that information to the voting public? Even if it wasn't fair to Clinton, arguing in favor of voter ignorance sounds very ethically wrong to me.
Okay, I'm out. I'm not sure what I expected.
I would imagine that if the hole had not been in the edge of the piece, all the diamonds would have been retained in the groove and they wouldn't get lost.  At that point you probably wouldn't even need them to remain glued to the abs.  You'd wear the abs down but I bet it'd work.
I'm confused and this is retarded
Can you please make a video of how you juice ??
I LOVE MUSLIM PEOPLE N THEIR FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT GOES UP, MUST COME DOWN! COLLECTION! TRUTH!
Can you make a Halloween cake
boozy lollifuckingpops! do it. please. \n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/JungleShaken/videos/563693007318033/
Nicks nasty attitude ruins it 
And this is what YouTubers like to call. Clickbait 
I think people would have heart attacks if this was ever put into an imax omni theater
I agree about the product placements. I guess you have to pay the bills. I just listen to the song and enjoy.
You should do a  Q&A with Liza - bc I have an amazing question - Or that I think is amazing - How many stores have you gotten kicked out of? I watched so many of your videos of you in stores, and I wonder how many people have seen you, probably a lot... But yeah... Lol.. Oh, and I love your channel. Every time ur intro comes on, I like to do the intro too. That's how you can tell I have been with this channel... Wow, I only came to comment, if you could do another Q&A, and it turned out to be an essay..... Wow... Lol.. Okay bye now... But I'll see you next Wednesday...
They always get better. Never disappointed.
Not nice. They are all in distress scared to be abandoned.
This doesnt look like the Rose I knew when I took his SATs for him.
What an idiot
Does the show have a uk airdate yet?
What if you accidentally dropped this on the floor
AGHHH I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
Man this is amazing.. this plays like a really long trailer to a heart-warming family comedy. One I would watch
lol
Karl Marx Ave. ah Soviet Union
love!
the tutorials that come from all of cute polish inspire me. I am working on getting all the items for your princess inspired nails and now I have another one to get the items for. .. i love them all can not wait to do these myself. thanks for sharing
long commercials = switch channels
nice beard lookin hot
So whats a zero on their scale? Is there some benchmark they compare against?
The Matthew Stanford run remind me of cam Newton runs
bring arnold to neptune
Well now I'm pretty sure that every project I was thinking about doing, has already been done by Andreas.
(Jumps from counter) (insert Idubbs meme)
So... is Iggy the founder of the Wallace Corp.? Or is Wallace Jared Leto's character in 2049?
Am I the only one who doesn't open my mouth when I  apply  mascara 
Your not alone
Death to America
i love how they both are so humble and kind. shes not doing this film for more attention or publicity, shes showing that even celebs break down and are HUMAN too. I really admire how shes sharing her most vulnerable moments with fans or people who are just interested in her work. Bravo Chris & Stefani
God is warning the earth of a near judgment ! He is speaking through the natural disasters that are happening globally ! If you dont believe me , watch any end times signs videos ! Pray in Jesus Christ name for your redemption for the judgment is near ! Keep the faith , keep the Ten Commandments! Read psalms chapter 50!
OMG IM SO FREAKING EXCITED IT GAVE ME THE CHILLS
I bet most people in the comments never had to forcibly give up one of their life passions before. Would like to see you all keep it together.
no Link dogs eat pumpkins my grampa gives his dog buddy canned pumpkin everyday
the visuals im crying
Oh boy its the best one!
11:34 show them show them 
Yes do one or eyeliners
Please take your P45 and leave Mrs May. You madam are a disaster waiting to happen and Corbin isn't any better.
Use servo/arduino  for consistent trigger. \n\nGenerally friction = slow.\n\nSlipper surface might result in less energy going forward, but it also mean it take less energy to rotate the dominons because of smaller moment of inertia. my guess is that the latter has a greater effect, because moment of inertial is proportional to *Square* of the distance between material and center of rotation. even factoring all the integrals for geometry, it's still bigger ratio then the one for momentum transfer.
Sick bike
Because if we can't...... then aren't we any smarter than dogs \n\nJeremy asking the hard-hitting question. Feelsman
Dont worry about the athiests they will see there fate.
U know why its called make-up?...to make-up for the beauty u lacking
YOU'LL ONLY KNOW THIS IF U READ THE BOOKS 
I cannot stand her face twitching in Scandal. That show is messed up.
3 hurricanes, North Korea,earthquakes in mexico 2 times,los angeles small earthquake,Puerto Rico destroyed by current earthquake and floods 
My only question is why haven't we heard from Gloria Allred yet? That ambulance chasing, media whore is conspicuously absent from this train wreck.
Might want to change the 1984 victory logo of the event
my girl Camila made the right decision going solo
Send pictures of star Turtle
This little faggot should be shot to death. Dumb negro bitch
I live in NJ and they didn't show the part of the pig tasing him on the news
Anittaaa e fit dance
As usual DOPE!
Britain is washed up. We will end up staying in the EU. All this is just a waste of time and money. It was doomed from the start. With the majority of the House of Commons and House of Lords being Remainers there is no way Brexit would ever come true. If politicians were honest, which we know they're not, they would have said immediately after the referendum result, that they felt we should remain and the result would be treated as simply public opinion at that point int time. However, too frightened to be honest they pretend to respect the referendum result and find a more subtle way of getting their own way. This way it looks as though they are implementing the referendum result when they are going out of their way to stall Brexit and get the worst possible deal from the EU, so when they announce another referendum in 4 years or so, they know the deal will be so bad that they will get the majority vote to remain. Then when ask to remain in the EU we will get an even worse deal than we have now and will be looked upon as the 'bad boys' of the EU as we had the cheek to vote to come out. No other EU members will ever agree with anything the UK requests. We should never have joined this corrupt power grabbing bete noire in the first place. I sometimes wonder if Europe would have been better if Hitler had not been defeated. I very much doubt if would have been any worse than it is now.
You remembered what they said about Lindsey and Mark breaking hold in their quickstep? Apparently it only applies to Mark.
Lol
Your videos make me calm. 
They blocked t mobile merging with AT&T and look at that industry now
Ive lost all hope in my life you guys and 1 other person is helping me staying alive with a few other people in my life
What else can u expect from Zionist jew hollywood Elite weinstein? Typical crook. Its in their holy book.
Very well done. Great work.
I'm not even British and this made me feel patriotic as fuck
*Left one is better*
I'm in love with the new editing
Vanessa hudgens please..
Wavyyyy
dont eat soap
My favorite book is A Tree Grows in Brooklyn - love the part where she goes to the library.
Love the boots! Love her more! I swear she's my make-believe BFF *wistful sigh*
Or just hire someone that isn't a slob.
Semi-Fetch
37??? you look great!
So... the boardgame somehow turned itself into a game console?\n\nOdd.
i never really obey my parents im a savage >:)
music at the end... Vangelis?
You don't even need foundation. Your skin is flawlessss huntyyyyy!!! 
I do not like pumpkin pie
What's the song playing in the background?
She's such a queen
It's entirely possible this is not as much a fictional vehicle and it's not all that fictional dirt. Maybe they just told Adam so that he's happy...? \n\n(I live next to Hungary, i know they are capable to pull that stunt)
I saw 10 of predators, Homo sapiens killed elk in Western Siberia . Killed all the elk . It is a crime against a helpless animal . The village of Tikhomirovo
Better then watching my boyfriend bought all my outfits.
You should film a what I eat in a day!! I recently went vegan and it's kind of hard for me to figure out what to eat
This was absolutely beautiful!! I cried because this was so deep and you were so open with us about your brother
Ragnarok still seems like an eternity away!
This is so funny
Didn't he leave his old job over $5 hence his big light up 5 dollar bill?
AT&T built it but was bought out by Southwestern Bell Communications. Who knew.
four people want to be a bathrobe wearing dinosaur.
As I'm l  the toilet dam I've been exposdd
Every time when I wake up with my headphones around my neck I get a panic attack because I think about how I could have died.. so I watch asmr to calm down.
I will be 32
I bet they didn't remove the mascara and were caking it on for 3 days 
Soo bad boys 2
No one noticed that mamries mic wasnt on...like how tylor mic was. But other than that I loved it and it was hilarious
Good. Miss Avi tho...
Can't wait for the next video
Best line up, autumn leaves and coffee ,Halloween , (my birthday) and for brits guy Fawkes  and then December is self explanatory
Proud of u Louis! <3
When was the last time College Humor made a video about College?
cardi b act like a lady
God, Fallon's joke was stupid...
Chris Mullin vs Steph Curry
His \nName\nIs \nNot \nIt\nIt's \nPennywise \n
Think about it. In the future the kids will be even more depressed and stressed because they will have to learn more history. Because things that happen after we go to school....and they will have to study it.
I'm so thankful slavery ended..bc some slaveowner would make a giant one...dfu too..
We are the chickens.
4:07  love it Tommmmm 
So basically rap and hip hop are similar to metal in terms of masculinity..
I am feeling sentimental
what this fool doesn't say is that the vast majority (at least 95%) of shootings in the USA are by thugs in ghettos, not some nut with a machine gun!  The USA, unlike England and other nations, has a welfare culture and with welfare comes violence.  IF all the ghettos and welfare rats were gone we could get rid of 75% of the cops in the democrat-controlled cities!
Why the fk are you still a thing? Wait....youre not....never mind
Film with fc Copenhagen in denmark
5:19 ...victim, which is very fashionable to be, nowadays. Oh my word you are a killer hahahaha.
Fake news
Go Vegan :-)
All the doggyfuckers came to write nigger under the video lol they are so mad they stopped sucking their dogs pink dicks for 5 minutes to type up some red faced outrage LMAO LETS TROLL THEM AND LAUGH AT THEIR EMOTIONAL REPLIES GET YOUR NOTIFICATIONS READY LOL
It's a damn shame that the audio is trash. Did no one bother to QC this before uploading?
I think your sweating the garlic and shallots, compared to sauting them which would be high heat. Sweating its slow and low making aromatics come out clearly.
Hard truth... she's way to hot for you and your a bit of a girly man...
Yesssssss
Maaan you just blew my mind. Seriously, this is a perfect successor to the Sysiphus statue. You took everything that made the original so great and added more amazing mechanics to it. Congrats! :)
Next stripper song
The fuck\nI thought nuest w and wanna one is a rookie group????\nWhere tf is WINNER???
Learn how to do a bunnyhop on a mtb !!!
Thank you so much for this. :*
At first I thought 'wow, this is relaxed for a first single', but it was exactly what I wanted. I love the lyrics a lot, too.
I really like jimmy but ahh he interrupted her too much. Let the guest talk. I can barely hear her!
Lol!!!!!!
I love everything about this look! I even love you Jaclyn! You're an amazing person inside and out 
Pretty lame video
DEAD
that laugh at the end
You can tell she's just so passionate about her job. I bet she could go on for hours about it! I say job because someone with a passion like this is the kind of person that would forget they're being paid to do what they love :)
I dream of a Smalltown boy remix
what happened to story time
Itll break one day.
N creio q o carinha cortou os cabelo
He is so sweet.. makes me wanna cry  
Ahhhh this comparison is everything!!!!
Yeah.. I'll watch anything that Liam Neeson is in.
Yaaaay for Gucci guilty  it's so amazing 
Makeup companies need to step up their game. So everyone can use and enjoy them. Milk better watch this
Oh I can't thank Adam enough to get this open...
There are more elderly people at Lowe's than in all the nursing homes in the world
This actually looks really good. They shouldn't have called it Jumanji though.
J
hey i am second  to comment
Hope drugs didnt play a part
Was incredible fun having you visit my friend! Outstanding video!! 
UK is a disaster. Doesn't even know how to leave the EU. Chickens out.
This doesn't answer any of my questions. Where do i go to get answers?
Awesome !!!!!
Great song
would have been better if Cardi B was there tho ....
Find in Maggie
amazing how many adults did not help the kid.  i mean i understand kids being afraid of other kids -- but i guess grownups are afraid of bullies too
Legend has it, Matthias is still ringing that bell to this day...
Birdie is so cute 
I  me some Cardi B. Kodak Black not so much 
What about pollution?
i want you to sing it original
Theres a MAJOR problem with this video, and that is the idea that this behavior is unacceptable or rare in real life. The whole message hinges on the idea that online, people spew hate in ways they would never do in the real world because of anonymity. But thats wrong and we know it. How many videos are readily available on online of people losing their shit at Muslims and black people and gay people and trans people? In restaurants and in public and in their homes? How many people suffer attacks that start with a slur and end with a burial? The people who made this video either intentionally or unintentionally painted those occurrences as rare, as if they only happen with a fringe minority. But I can tell you in my own life and in the lives of those around me, this shit is already IRL. It was NEVER just online.
Goodbye moonmen
dame all of them is fine I don't have a favorite
Ayyyyyyy way to be on the trending Nile!
Yes.
Fuck anyone who agrees with this video or watched it as news worthy
I feel like they should have reversed the Weyland Industries logo under the boot with the kinda 'easter egg' being that they did it that way so that every footprint on a martian surface would have the WI logo on it.
Whoawhoaw,never thought the day little Sabrina wears a bra on the streets has already come!!!OMG I'll b 16years next month.Feeling so old\n#Just1st
goodbye rebels not gonna miss ya.
new band that i will going to love  \n\nLANY
Fuck the Emmys! #shitontv
Big baller brand went up 12%!!
When Sam's kids got out of the truck, i thought Gordon was gonna get jumped.
Another glowing example of the TRIBALISM so rife within the black community.    Please: EVOLVE.    We are a pluralistic multi ethnic multi religious, with many sub cultures within the whole.     The whole we should remember that from out of many, one.   So please my african american friends drop the fingerpointing, name calling and continual plodding attempts at shaming white people.   You are not special.    And if any group in America is unfairly disenfranchised it is the Latino community which is far larger than black community but has nearly ZERO representation on TV of movies.     Hence, drop the pretense of being discriminated against and join the party as the equals you represent.    And give the rest of us a break from the accusatory speeches.
We only have the big 4 (or big 3 or big 6)\nWhy John? \nThe reason is government bailouts and government regulations. Big government and more strict application of regulations clearly hasn't hindered these big companies. In fact, it's only made them stronger?\nObama was the one who bailed the big guys out. If they had been allowed to fail and fall, the free market would have replaced them. Instead, they get the label too big too fail and you make a video like this.
Ive been waiting for desi to do a Jessica rabbit Halloween makeup tutorial so bad!!! She could slay it soooo bad, just imagine her doing her intro video!!
My god, you're a MADMAN!!! About 15 times I  this video, I was gripping the arms of my chair, saying don't do that! On, cmon, don't fly IN the boxcar, some hobo is gonna swat you down! Don't fly UNDER the wheels, you're gonna get run over by A TRAIN! You have true balls my friend, and it's so entertaining to see someone else risk destruction of their top of the line quad so many times in a single video. This is my favorite fpv video of the year so far! The music was perfect, the light and subject matter were amazing, and the amazing brain dead stunts and risk taking took it over the edge. Bravo, sir, bravo!!!
If r&m fans are so self aware then why did these losers get owned by McDonald's. God damn, corporate America found a way to lure you all in. Fucking weak minded pussies lol
July 28th
I AM IN LOVE
Guessing Kevin has the cheat codes on hand
Buttered rice you say?
Build it on top of the wall so you can brag to America about your new toy
Every time I watch one of these videos, I gain an IQ point.
You should make a Jenna and Julien themed cupcake!!!
HOW TO ENJOY FOR DUMB CLIQUE:\n1. do peace sign\n2. stick out middle finger\n3. cross em\n4. |-/
Hey! Can you do a Ryuk for Death Note latex tutorial, it would help me out a lot for Halloween! Love the video, it's really helpful 
Omg you're so funny and positive. You just got a subscriber.
When did Alice turn four??? Oh my gosh I swear she was just born
Yacht Rock is the 42
why isn't she knotting the pastel blouse  would've looked so good !
The Borg was one of the best created alien species ever created!
$10/month by the big guys.  I bet you Sprint and Teen Mobile will be offering to add the watch for FREE, which I guarantee will bring a new customer base to them. I'm grandfathered in on the old Verizon unlimited.  It's a shame I would have to pay even one CENT more, let alone $10 a month. I think I will be getting Series 3 sans the LTE.
This guy has 1.4m subs. Has a paradise in name of house and buys literally everything tech related. Are you seriously saving some money? :P
Amazing!
Told you I am strong
Nicole... take the cement out of your face will ta
Oh mich is giving me Freddie Mercury realness with that Stach'
God... what is happening? Why are people so sensitive it's actually annoying.
Brazil In command
Who ever did the voice kinda sounds like John Cena
Have a son with me and we'll find out
Dammnit Harrison why do you keep agreeing to do these movies? YOU LOOK SO TIRED, I CAN TELL YOU HATE THESE INTERVIEWS :(
Better than Adele
Ha fake
I find it sad that a video that is showing a hearing impaired baby getting a hearing aid doesn't have English Subtitles. I would understand if the mother wasn't speaking English, but this is not the case. Also, being a hearing impaired person with two hearing aids, I can tell you the the baby's reaction might be due to the volume being too loud and/or not calibrated properly for the infant. I know that when I got my first hearing aid, it was so bad that I had to take it out until they adjusted it properly. It must be very difficult to do this for a baby. It's hard to determine it is at a comfortable volume.
Her awkwardness is adorable.
KJ IS SO CUTE I LOVE HIM
Shout out my channel caleb elder I sing country I am a young artist I don't have anything to do it with except a phone
Love that you gave the time and temp options for the slow cooker as well... makes it easy for meal prepping so I can cook one of your recipes on the stove while I have another in slow cooker :-)
That last bit where she is asking for her album, I would have grabbed the show case of her music and thrown it at her scream you can have it all my queen!
Your people are really good at digging up all of these ideas & topics Ellen. Could you like put a good word in for me yo? I sure would like to also have a production crew. Thumbs up!
YESSSS!1 Graham Norton is THE best!!!
You need more force to keep it\nIn the cup
Just so everyone knows it's saying that cab hit someone not that it was the cabs fault.
Good Goys. Two Shekels coming your way.
I clicked on this video because I loved her hair and while I loved the video I still don't know how to get this sexy haunting hair!!! By any chance does she have a tutorial up?
this man is the gordon ramsey that feeds orphans
I thought it would be really cute to grow a plant in the tiny watering can
When are shaytards back missed them so much 
TRENDING LUL
Go to the google search and search: WUMO SEO. It is the most dependable Seo agency. If they cant rank your website or blog, the company offer you with100% cash back guarantee. I simply adore WUMO SEO.
IN BEFORE COMMENTS AND LIKES DISABLED
it's like a 3d render with laser
she really explained that video perfectly, that concept flew over alot of heads even me
My crush
why was this in the trending page 
The white race is dying, the Jew supports videos like this.
Storyline has always been my priority when looking for new games to play. HZD was amazing and had so much to offer. Also love Undertale and Stardew Valley.
*Leftwats are homophobes.  Infact they are also racist and sexist.  Most people who are conservative are a lot more tolerant than leftwats.*
This makes me feel like a hipsteeeeeeeer
Who the fook is this guy?
WHEN HE MOUTHED BRING THE CHORUS BACK. I SAID THATS MY BABY AND I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 
I like how this is on trending
Pffft... Rick's such a genius, how come he didn't build an atomic ingredients deconstructor? Would have been child's play to re-crete the sauce from scratch. This guy in the video did it darn close.
Did he just say, A Night Howell
get out of California, it will be destroyed! California is being punished by gawd!California has turned it's back on trump!the illegals are setting the fires!but a huge earthquake is coming!
What exactly happened? What was written? 
AMOOOO LA CANCION!! ME ENCANTO!!! 
1:07 Look what you made me do?!?!?!?!?!
Wood wee I dress just like The Beach Boys
like for free schodoods
Its ok. Not ur best ..
This is why you use auto-tune and i don't 
Unless Rick either already had a clone ready on hand, or began the process as they left with Tommy (the latter is doubtfull, since he seemed to need at least himself to be there through most of the process).
4k trailer here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goNJeJdHQpg
Wouldnt this be cool?!
This is a good thing, now this is how idiot you sound comic fans and comic gamers.
Please tackle AI, Machine Learning/ Deep Learning, and also basic Software Engineering
i'd rather have maria than siri 
so many people hating but she's making money off your hate sooo
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Cant wait till Gucci get married
The show should have ended with season 5. It's just unwatchable past season 5.
Im Happy for you but fake lashes are the 1 Product i never use
I found Nemo!!!!! XD
zionist shill
Christ I didn't realise how many of Jeremy's fans like solely fast paced superficial action blockbusters.
Kudos on 10 years, wishing you another 10 years of nerdiness
Rita is back!!!!Glad to hear her again.
All of this and we still don't have any solid video evidence of mermaids or the Lochness monster
As I remember, Umbrage was a half blood. Wouldn't the locket recognize that?
Nice google mini you got there
A slight increase in pressure and you are stressed, tired and whining to us. Do your job. Get dancing monkey!
When You Go to the link to the skeleton dress, it showes a skeleton suit or somthing, is it the dress or What?
Is there an episode for this?
Why is this trending?
You know the video is about to be raw when the title is in a foreign language
showing november 17?! WHUT DAZ MAH BDAY OMGGGG btw i love bea miller so much what a perfect soundtrack for this movie that'll be showing on the day of my special dayyy yayyy
keep it real nigs #fuckthehaters speak from the heart #followme Instagram #l8tar
Nice list
People pay money to watch this crap? The fight was the only entertainment till the rent a cop spoilt the fun.
the other korean girl is hotter
where the fuck is the rock
my favessss
#YIAYtime Find a way to keep my dad from wanting to play hide in seek...\nits been 5 years i still cant find him!!
I have loved you with an everlasting love. Jeremiah 31:3 
I Know that it's appalling if this is his best attempt at interpreting, but we need to also think that this might not be ASL, it could be international sign language, Spanish sign language, french, etc. I'm not saying that it is, but just think about the fact that it could be something different than ASL before we start condemning him.
Never heard of this band before but this video popped up in my sub box and well it's pretty great
FUCKHSJSHDHDVE
Lana was slick making him eat her out
why the fuck
Sigh...We really miss you Leonard...now more than ever. But hey...Everybody knows...that.
I LOVE budget room makeovers!!! It's hard to find ones with a tight budget that still make a room look great, but this one totally nailed it! I hope you do more of these!!! It's such a great video!
THE STRANGER THINGS REFERENCE THEORY GOT ME SHOOK
 .
WARNING!! STOP HERE IF U DONT WANT SPOILERS!! THE COMMENTS WILL RUIN THE EXPERIENCE! WATCH THEN READ!! lmfao
.got7
4 minutes in: Wait, why am I watching this?... oh well I am going to keep watching.
Where are #BIGBANG & #WINNER ?????!!!!!!!!!
Please do this https://instagram.com/p/BZb0h3xB2pr/
why cant he keep his eyes open im screaming
IMPORTANT\ni think everyone knows that this is just a joke...but\nthis is a real syndrome called SCID, SCID is when a person is allergic to everything literally and cannot sustain in the normal world (earth) thus needing to be in a bubble. There has never been a official account of a person with SCID going past the age of 16. Most die when they are 11-16 due to them not being able to take it anymore then doing something they shouldn't be resulting in death.
Is anyone else lowkey in love with that intro?I get down to that beat. yeaaa.
Someone please post the lyrics in Spanish. Por favor. Gracias. :D
i'm happy that things are getting brighter for you boogie :)
Dang thats some good cgi for 1987 man.
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
This new track sounds more like an oldie. Sounds more like the 60s. The previously songs on the Stay Gold record sounds more fresh and lighter. But I like the song, its pretty. 
YEAH TIP ASSIST
What a liar Flake is! Families paying $40,000 in deductibles before the major medical kicks in? GIve me a break! Liar! Liar! Pants on fire! If the problem is that people who have no market place options (again, a lie) are being charged penalties, then simply cancel the penalties. That would definitely be in bipartisan territory. Same for employers. Except that there are now actually *zero* counties in the United States who have no marketplace options for 2018. (No thanks to Congress' inexcusable inaction.) This guy is a slimeball.\n\nLook, dude. I have a very expensive pre-existing condition. I live in Oklahoma, which is hardly a healthcare oasis. I pay $210 per month under the ACA (Obamacare). My plan is fine rolling over into 2018. Probably with the premium going up to ~$230 - $250, due to the republicans' destabilization of the market in 2017. My main complaint is that I have only one marketplace provider option. But Blue Cross Blue Shield is great insurance. They're who I'd choose, anyway. These GOP idiots in Congress need to get back to regular order, and do proper maintenance on Obamacare, which is all it has ever needed.\n\nFlake is a lying slimeball.
I think therefore I am, and therefore i am not fcking simulation. funny thing is when i mention this to my computer science professor, he said fanciful fantasy but he would rather have the literature and philosophy department ponder the idea because it is freaking unscientific
     - ...
So good!!!
this show is ok it's just cringe worthy when they overuse popular sayings from the original series.
Confirmed: Lebron is sponsored by Dove
Is his sidekick American, he sure laughs at everything like an American
Love the Indian style 
Why is this trending? 70k views and only 600 likes and its TRENDING? Fix your list youtube.
I was scrolling and saw this video and was going to go past it thinking I'll never use a parachute in my life but then thought what if there's a point where I'll need to know this so here I am. +1 view
Pewdiepie... bumass nigga, lmao.
Meijer.
7:30\nThank me later
WOW <3
They killed it! Great job.
Everyone is awesome expect for gays furfags and filthy weebs
What exactly is the color changing thing in the background? Is it a led speaker?
While playing the videos YouTube is not working\nGive me any suggestions
The ending was great . Im so glad hes back 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
She is sooooooooooperrrrrrr cute
 I love you Sam 
butthole lips? that's what it's called? lol
Nice video delicious yummy :-)
Wait, wasn't the original Donkey Kong arcade game going to be a Popeye game?
This is the third time I've been watching 
What a cutie :)
omg this looks amazing! can't wait to see this. finally a release date!Luke tho... what a man.
SLAMMING
   This is not who you are...   
Im sorry but I think Hayley has made me go from bisexual to lesbian 

top notch country
Hard to believe....
The British are gas burning lidi bag on tube (turns terror level to critical)
Thoughts on the HP Omen?
protein!!! I can imagine Michael watching blade runner 2049 and saying I WAS RIGHT
She looks like Selina or cat from Gotham
Just another psychotic feminist. lol pathetic losers
I feel like everyone who clicked this is now on a list.
I can't even think about what is like to be stuck in the attic with spiders... x_x
It's bad because I started to laugh before the doctor did
Interesting 
LAVA IS MY FAAAVVVEEERRRIIITTTE!!!!!!
Public trans in hawaii is awesome....always on time....and so many schedules and stops
Why is there a random screaming girl
1.2 millan views... Wow! Amaayzin
I wonder where he got the idea to intersperse the moth joke throughout the whole video
I want this Kylo Ren instead.
Anyone else uncomfortable with all the 9 year old girls in their bathing suits dancing in the background the whole time lmaoooo
Enjoy the ride, can't wait to see videos! You boys are the best!
oh my goodness i honestly dont watch all ur vids but everytime i watch it they just make me cry... 
Yasssssss
lmao trolling at its finest..
Sonic the hedgehog
You should have your sister try all the Oreo flavors.
Im so glad Axl doesnt sound the way he did from 2010-2015. It was like a mixture of a really drunk Willie Nelson and Mickey Mouse on a bad acid-trip. Slash murdered this shit as always! I saw them 3 times last year and I loved every show!
Just do Kermit from the Kermit sings video when he says Billy #Yiayoct
This video is my life.
Bitch im Offset n Im Bouta Set it Off
No level of success will EVER make this profoundly miserable and humorless bastard happy. Grow the fuck up Satan.
This was uploaded on my B-Day!!!
If u hate JJ abrams u r definition of hater. The man has not done one bad thing
it has only 290 views and is climbing the trending list!!
I fast just like terry crews, I'm glad he's making it more mainstream.
Anyone darker skinned than me is my inferior.
*right in the feels*
Your so pretty!!  I love you!! You accent is beautiful!
I started and finished the book today and I also loved it so much. I didnt know it was Own Voices and now I love it so much more. I was very nervous to pick this book up- because I loved his other books when I read them but I was much younger. And now I can see many issues with those books that I didnt then. I was afraid this would be more of the same. And it wasnt. It was so good. \n\nCongrats on the mention! Im so happy you could be a part of making this book as good as it is.
yes.
How can u dislike this lol
WHY don't u do a prank on someone
2001: A Space Odyssey anyone?
I like how Jenna was trying to cover herself with the flannel shirt but there's pictures on the internet of her with star pasties on her nipples and almost nothing else from her dancing days lol
Do a Undertale theme cake or pancakes     PLSSS!!!!!!
No you are good, no loctite on nylock nuts.  (Mechanical Engineer and airplane owner.)
im like is that  omfg ....... dolan twins yasssss
I AM SO HYPED I CANT WAIT AAHA
I love this guy
Now, with new features, you too can support modern-day slavery!\nThink Different\nTell me what your justification is in the comments below!
Oh safe in the stands gimme a break!!!! You go to a baseball game, you understand the dangers of it. You don't wanna deal wit those dangers, don't go. There are plenty of others who will.
Does anybody know the song in the second half of the trailer?
Quero ver a msica o MV  BR
Biggest mindfuck of the year: Kylie is serving as a surrogate for Kim
hi
*PVC+flames=hydrochloric acid*
0:41 shit who tf is that
What are you smoking ?
When you try omad but dumpling uploads...
Nice, congratulations!
Just go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You'll get the only real working method completely FREE for the game.
You know what they say, the bigger the dorsal fin..
I have been trying those beach curls forever
Only cunts get likes
Hope this stays online forever 
I've had the bizarre luck to come across both candidates in NYC. One had a huge entourage and didn't look anyone in the eye. The other took a moment to shake my hand, see ME, and ask about my life. Which was which do you think?
SHOOK!! I love the outfits!!
Luigi is a fortune teller O-o
this video is badass!
I've heard of Jake Paul but now seeing one of his videos makes me want to kill him. He's a fucking bitch.
This is my favourite vlogbrothers video ever.
I love how you are releasing songs for your new album every couple days/weeks!  \n\nCant wait for the album to be released !
Heeeeeeelllllllll No\nHehe I'd probably still walk it ^^
hes so cute
0:04
Loved them since Emmylou 
The cats hate me...
#WTF #SMH #TRENDING1980
I can understand camera getting screwed on re-entry, but surely the barge camera can have better than potato quality/connection. Still, awesome work. Look forward to much more and oneday seeing 31 raptor engines firing in all their glory.
I love People I've Loved 
I was gonna say he was very biased to how good the product was because he's getting paid to say good things about it. Then it hit me...
I feel Nice has taught us you don't need guns to kill massive amount of people, but apparently not.\n\nIf we ban guns now, I can already see where this is going, they will use trucks and 30 year from now goverment will not allow anyone to drive and we will be all forced to use auto driving car...  \n\nWe cannot yield even one step here, if they can take away second amendment now they can take away more, much more. \n\nI don't care about guns, but I care about goverment taking rights away from people.\n\nThose who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. - Benjamin Franklin
The cutest boys around??
This woman is a race baiter if there ever is one.  They kicked her ass off the flight because the Pilot saw her as being a erratic fucking idiot that may be a problem.  He has that right, he doesn't have to explain himself to anyone.  He's the fucking Pilot.
at least they no longer have to suck his old dry dick
common wasnt no 4 corner hustler,,,, he was a GD
Day 1:  Apocalypse \nDay 2:  Turn to cannibalism\nDay 3:  Learn to make homemade jerky\nDay 4:  Make new friends
Finally new song from Tom Walker
Lush vid as always, super loving your outfit and chocker  tonight. 
Avocado
So satisfying to watch
i see crowder n kb and I'm like i gotta hear this!
So troll
Glad to see NF make it to the trending tab congrats Nathan
Its really hard to accept  until now may hearth is broken i miss u chester bennington... i miss u may one and only IDOL
Nice
so what the fuck is it about?\nthis trailer did not do SHIT for me
That's soo cute  <3
http://www.youtubeweb.xyz/?3f4aHRsm887hlfO88m=ncYU0ko1upwKI2rImkeyIBVRMcHx0VZNZ
Why can't I have  a friend like her....
I love Zack's wtf face
Lord she is so unattractive. This is so pathetic how obsessed with her she is 
Like if Goldman is not a criminal
He makes fighters look like cans, if wasnt the champ this division would be like the light weight division anyone could win that belt at anytime, but then again people only appreciate conor
You should do a video on relatively unknown case makers who make good quality cases cause I've never heard of Moment and I'm about to buy their case for my pixel 2 xl
beautiful! thank you.
PINCHE JUSTINO, ME DUELES, PORQU NO SALES EN EL VDEO. :'v
Corey Taylor looking into a mirror with the make-up on.. - Would you do me? I'd do me so hard..
Afterthought. Shouldve went to Peter Lugers. 
I think that is Keeley Bumford singing the song. not sure though. She did the singing for Bayonetta 2 which was great as well. Or at least it really sounds like her.
Connan Mockasin
PLEASE react to bts's new song DNA'' PLEASE
The best, Kygo! 
Yay! This sounds so exciting and cant wait to finally be able to read one of your books!
 Thanks
oh gosh this album is going to be so good
Hook and loop? Nah, velcro.
Omg I love Eric and Ben so muchhhhhhhhhh
not sure what was going on on the first video but my cat was not having it he was trying to kill my speakers as it was going on he had his back arched and every hair on end till that video was over then he calmed down.
The guy is cute he looks like Joaquin Phoenix. The girl her voice is amazing !!!!!
Would it still be able to scan my face if I am in the dark?
This ugly ass nigga bruh
Yet you can't make a decent thumbnail...
Love it 
OMG I loooooooved watching blaire's videos when I was younger. Her and Shane were some of my first favourite old school youtubers. Its so strange to think they had a thing together lol
Maru is very flexible cat. Just miracle!
A video essay about emotionality that feels very synthetic and unenthused? Great.
Congratulations on the birth of Taika!
*FLOP AND TEAR, MOTHERFLOPPER*
Oh dear Odin... that Porg
I love your lights, it makes your skin look real, and not overly photoshopped. Nice tutorial, Chloe :)
Come to mama -lady gaga \nPLEASE !!! <3
The most silliest video ever but i love it 
So the dogs stayed but she had to go? HAH thats funny...
Trump lies about making America great again, like he's banning DACA. That's freakin necessary. People have been debating on DACA since centuries, yo. And he's making Mexico pay for the wall which will not be made, but still! The only thing I like about Donald Trump is that he's deploying THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) in South Korea which is critical. MAKE AMERICA WHEN GEORGE BUSH WAS HERE AGAIN. Quote: Keep those trumpets going as Donald Trump walks out of the White House resigning to live as a slave Crowd: YAYAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA JESUSSSSSSSSSSSS TAKE THE WHELELELELELEEEELEEEEEEEEELELLELEEEEEEEEL!
1000th like :p
Anyone eating while watching the video, I am...and I'm not ashamed of it....
Do it with particles!!! Please I love that song
ohhhhhhhh you got freak me freak from BAD BOYS 2 il that movie
what if you froze in a freezer?
I really cannot wait you to read the entire Death Note!!! And watch anime ver and talk passionately about the finale of each ver ;)
Basic Ly th same thing as 2015s book of life
Posted a basic white girl post on the gram, fam. (Look I rhymed)
He sounds so good on every song!!
What a fantastic mission and end!
Fun video! PTA should be full time HAIM video director. Heck just make him an unofficial part of the band. You can give him a bit part singing backup on a song to keep him happy.
I'm a cool guy and a jock, so yeah wazzup up noobs (AKA Freshman).
CONGRATULATIONS 
haha I like this .. they have incredible voices like the original one 
Fajne
Omg is that another great YouTuber Asia Jackson?
I'm so good 
The logo reminded me of Frozen and Jack Frost
Anvil versus vanity!!
Yes girl the brownie brittle I got that as a gift and it was so good I had to buy another bag
Attention celebrity assholes. What's your carbon footprint? Did you match Donald trump's million dollar donation? Do you know the term hypocrite?
Totally agree with Jackson and Barkley.
She didn't take your name? lol
You are tearing me apart Liza!
I'm dirty dan
Hi Yolonda could you please donate some money to alzheimer's disease please as my Grandad died of it 2 months ago and it would make such a difference Please
i think it's better than the first :D
0:40 \nMe : uHM yES THERE I- *realizes its my own fan*
*NICE!!*
I got a science question. Why dont u make a video about a fact that if u swing a mass in front of u (within 180) u will accelerate forward without pushing against anything? This simple phenomena converts assymetrical centrifugal force into linear acceleration. Lets see how scientific u are, IF u r u will addres this!
I could've sworn I've seen this before... Am I crazy? Maybe you just did something really similar... Amazing look regardless.
Jenny! You look youthful and gorgeous with eyebrows. Please grow them out. I like number two the best. You do not look like a forest troll with eyebrows. KEEP BROWS!!! Grow them out.
what shade would you reccomand if your golden sand in the loral true match?
Jane fonda American traitor BITCH
He needs to fight Dillashaw. He might be the greatest but I want to see him tested.
2M views in 2 days? Are you kidding me? Dave (and Claire) are made whether or not he wins The Voice.
Chocolate glazed is one of the best dounuts
U r my fav YouTuber!
The Hitler-Hanks Spectrum, perfect!
Where is the H3H3 video Youtube....bias. Why did Idubbbz video trend #1 in other countries but not here. Is it just in the US that we get all this censorship from Youtube?
The font used on the Stranger Things poster is literally the Jaws font. All the fonts used match the original posters... so it's not Tremors.
Christopher McCandless be like.....
I WANNA SEE A JAKE - FUKUNAGA FEATURE FILM. BOTH ARE MY FAVORITE.
One of the videos shown on the video is in my play list 
They still have to pay for our wall........
I just wanna say ur a great comedian. The timing on the jokes in ur videos r on point and I laughed so hard at that last part where Amalah coughed
If you drop a soap, the soap will be dirty or the floor clean?
Very True!!!! SMH
That swag sa moves ni QS... Ang astig talaga. Being close to nature will really help you will to heal and feel relax, it does for me. Continue your positivity.
Me at family parties
That's actually so cool, amazing job
Next Video please collab with How to Cake It
 phones have already been expensive tell us something we don't know
You are the lowest of the low. You called Vietnam POW war criminals called them baby killers and now your seeking forgiveness for your self serving guilt. Your a fucking bitch and cunt from hell. Eat shit and die.
OMG Luke Evans just made me gay
How can i dislike this ??!!
Samantha Bee for president!
Filmed at UCLA go bruins
early stoppage. it looked bad when he went down but seems to me like he went down like that due to fatigue.
Abandon your souls kids, UC Berkeley is Satan's hang out. Clearly your education dollars are better spent at real institutions of higher learning. Good luck and be safe.
When Scott said One Piece I was secretly hoping that Mitch would say Cowboy Bebop because of his shirt 
Destin - Try using a servo motor to control the speed at which you push over the dominoes. Pretty easy to change the rate with a microcontroller setup. If that doesn't end up working, a pendulum released from a fixed point should impart the same amount of energy and speed into the first domino.
I this a joke
Who tf is Selena Gomez?
Geez enough with tropical house,am sick of it,every song sounds the same
Porg porg porg\nBorg porg porg
             
Ur my favorite singer
My name is modified from a Hindu word. \nSo not even Indian people get it right.
Where is the murder?
If the driver-owner can handle all those dogs, he can handle anything.  One is enough for me.  Friend has two and that's okay too.
wearing all black so as not to be a distraction ..too late. go-go-gadget dreamy-puppydog-eyes
You play Minecraft??????????\nJoin Hypixel server
Haha The zooming in on the food reminds me of Gordon Ramsey!!\n\n\n\n\nWHERE'S THE LAMB SAAAAAAUAUUAUUAUACE
Kim just doesn't let anyone else speak.
that's racist
I have been a fan of Marvel comics since 1965 . you kids did justice to spider man - venom  .Keep up the great work!
Went to Comic-Con today and saw the full first episode it was amazing
OMG WHERE WAS THIS WHEN I NEEDED IT D:
Please check out my GoFundMe campaign https://www.gofundme.com/4ht28jc
1:53 <3
the word furry was said 14 times in this video.
Cringe
go back to the titanic and push rose off the boat before she met jack
Ya know dugz voice sounds off putting. But it kind of works.
So Trump just bitched and moaned about a mayor in a Puerto Rico town without any provocation? What was even the point?\n\nAnd these rich dumbasses think they can fool us with come on, guys, the tax cuts for the rich will TOTALLY benefit you this time! like the non-rich haven't been suffering from that trickle down bullshit for THIRTY DAMN YEARS.
Four feet of water in my home in Meyerland. These bastards can go to hell! We as Houstonians did just fine without their look at me act like an ass benefit.
This bodes well for The Doom being the subject of HBO's next series.
SHE DESERVES SO MUCH MORE
Eh wasn't one of their best
As a bisexual woman and my experience: I finally acknowledged to myself that I was in fact Bi while I was dating a man in college. I know that putting a label on everything is pretty tiring and often times exhausting trying to keep everything straight (pun intended), but labeling myself, figuring out another aspect of who I am, helped me. I had a friend in college who was in a relationship with a woman and told me to just choose. In all honesty that was hurtful. That's like telling a person to choose one type of sandwich for the rest of their lives and that's what they have to continuously eat. I've had people ask me what percentage am I or am I sure it's not a phase. I've been approached for a threesome (to each their own I don't kink shame) which is not my cup of tea. Each person is unique and feels different things. It is honestly great to hear the perspective of someone who willingly acknowledges that they thought a certain way and, as they matured, came to some sort of realization. I love me. And I am a single monogamous bisexual bipolar biped. ;P
Mmmmmnnnm that looked good
The video should be understood without us having to read the description... or at least but read the description in your video.
JP I challenge you to make a lasagna casserole that has like 15 layers. Plus I want to see Julia get stressed out, and mad at you 
Oh yeah! Let me hold this fish and check its fucking power level on my scouter... Oh shit this one is a Super Sayian Blue one shit...
Have Logic Come on And Sing   1-800 logic please
I like tutorial videos more than reviews, because I'm needing to work on my eyeshadow skills and tutorials give me tips. I really appreciate how to videos on different eye techniques because it goes more in depth on how exactly you do eye looks.
Many Americans work more today in order to take care of the Americans who are too lazy or dont want to work. 
So many students arriving late!  
I need more videos like this .. both are amazing girls. Vanessa looks amazing!
I'm a murderer got me
I only can say WOW
Clone
I'm not angry with you, I'm just disappointed.
Wow this little libreal is totally lost he knows nothing, and getting your news from CNN is as smart as asking a frog what time it is
White people got to go, we need to get them OUT of our country.
This is terrible trash talking.
i wonder if we will get to test the cars we customize under the wind tunnel to see the aero dynamics for each car?  =)
Can't wait to recreate this 
They sound like The Killers, great band
by the way your not supposed to eat blood like that...
She didnt do the Houston Texas thing
Gregg Popovich has holes in his face. No wonder he grew a beard. One ugly mother fucker.
Mothers are raising straight hero's  out there Brave and 
For some reason I think that these videos have a bit of horror in them
Yo this was dope 
this is a funny video
My boys trending!!
I recently flew on a 4 engine 747... can't imagine 20 engine's and how I would possibly survive, LOL!!!
More wonderful stories from you is the best news! Gonna pre-order it right now! <3 EEEP indeed!
The Seahawks should of RAN THE DAMN BALL!
Any other small YouTube channels out there?
That's what happens when you don't get dick since Scarface was in theaters
love u man, thats what I was waiting for
Didnt hit her but I threw her phone like Im Odell with the spike moves.
in love with a man I can't have but at least I can have that voice...omg that voice is just enough for me
I'm kinda over John Green books because he tends to have very angsty characters and over romanticizes everything BUT this sounds okay I might pick it up at a library.
Only reason I don't switch is because of social media optimization. If it is better I'll switch very soon
Disgusting and not funny at all! \nWhat happened to snl ??? Y'all lost the good writers a long ass time ago!!! \n
omg she's so cute aaahh
The beginning of this made me realize how depressing my life is
At  FDA dot gov you can type in any drug and check on  its side affects or report yours for others to know about!
omg your skin is GORGEOUS!!
Im entertained subscribed
Why has civilization completely forgotten the music of Beethoven, and Bach? How can we celebrate repetition for repetitions sake, when truly transcendent music is possible? I'm speaking of the extremely wide range of harmony that something called chord progressions, and dominant fifths, and many other techniques make possible in humanities understanding of music.  Most music in my opinion is like wall-paper for the mind. Some songs I will admit have the power to transform through lyrics, and other musical elements.  However,  there is a difference between the subjective and the objective. Popular music enhances a subjective interpretation, or feeling. Good classical music coaxes your personality into transformation.  If you just listen to a piece maybe beethoven piano sonata 14, and listen to the whole thing, you can hear how the experience represents a journey.  Starting from a state of depression, to over coming depression, to self-actualization in the 3rd movement.  When I heard this for the first time I realized the fallacy of the modern state of music.  We exalt the repetitious form, and disregard the exploration of new forms that transform the mind.  We push out 4-5 minute poems with a beat, and call it music.  This is disrespectful to the enormous amount of effort that countless human beings have put forth towards the progress of musical form. We reached such a great place with tonality and exploring tonality itself. We did not run out of ideas, so what happened? It was so difficult to be a great composer that eventually we have forgotten how to teach the deep understanding of the form itself!  Sonata form has been forgotten, and so too has the pursuit of truly transcendent music, beyond mere subjective interpretation.
Wow. Amazinggg work!!
This is honestly one of the best darn videos I've ever seen on youtube. These jeffalos are so sweet and Joe is good at doing his program Joe Goes.
Kong looks so cute
2:47 WHAT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHSHSHAH
I just wanted to see the reused shots side to side, too much talking.
Trying to understand why this is only one of your first sponsorships!! You deserve so much more and cannot wait to see you shine. You're golden 
lmao shut up
She looks like a mermaind
I was waiting for that last part to happen
This shit is funny af
DON'T YOU NEVER EVER EAT A APPLE LIKE THIS YOU SICK FREAK!
My dog eats poop too lol
Drumpf should be so lucky.
Peter, you should hook it up to some heavy duty servos, a receiver and throw some weights in. Take it for a few RC test  flights before you put yourself in. It's looking really good!
if i go to the tour, do i buy my own book??
Something about Bruno is so sexy
Says he should drive the ship... cant put the camera in landscape
There's more people in Cork than Iceland
Don't air conditioners always leak water alittle bit?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtTdR5Qq7sg&t=212s
Lol, songbird.
Little Finger and Jojen Reed alive?!?? Kappa
Mark, Sept. 27, 2017 8:57 PM EDT
Eva M A R R Y that man 
Why is Krater face Kenya talking about ripping someone's head off?Gurl bye! You know you'll get dragged across the floor again!
I bet ya she is a professor of lesbian dance
When you say candy floss, I imagine dental floss. Calling it cotton candy makes so much more sense lol.
Its been over 6 months and you're still bitching about them
What am I doing with my life?
https://youtu.be/TAryFIuRxmQ
This is trending but content cop isn't. YouTube is retarded.
i would kill to have an uncle like Joe
why you didn't make your test fair and make the resolution of note 8 like I phone 8 1920*1080 as you see in your video in the beginning Samsung faster until you open the games render 3D on 2960 resolution need more time than 1920
Do you smell the popcorn Georgie?
NEW  P!NK  - BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA ( single ) https://itunes.apple.com/nl/album/beautiful-trauma/id1269268686
 I became so comfortable with x and o that I shied away from hugs and kisses.... I cried
This is why people don't know the difference between the words sex and gender
Wow what's the story behind being under fire at the target practice? Were you unknowingly trespassing? That was intense (obviously).
1st
SINCE WHEN IS THROWING CAKE IN A PUBLIC PLACE FUN? ARSEHOLES.
Anyone else like Sean Paul?
Built ford tough...*washes away*
and busting hell wide ass open.
Goosebumps !!! Wonderful !!! Its like back in time !!! Really long I not got such emotion from music like this !!! IT was worth IT click on this video !!!! I'm crying with smile !!! 
Then when the next iPhone comes out for even more!! She'll say WORTH IT Again looooooooool so sad.
Seeing the McDonald's there in your video made me feel so much better. I strayed alway from fast food, but now that I'm working and my son started school, I barely have time to do anything. I definitely need to up my healthy food game though.
Basura de cancin, como todas las ms recientes canciones de Shakira
This is genius why w2puld they cut this
This case has got cover up and set up all over it there's no way this guy did this they probably watch teen commits suicide through his TV camera and then saw their opportunity cuz he knew everything about him
What's the name of the girl at 0:36? Leia ...skiever?
This look is \nAnd your bangs are on.point.
me after 0:01 : THIS SONG IS MY JAM
you should investigate the mysteries of the northern forests in America. :)
Issa bop
Dear Ryan, can you climb in your fridge and become a human popsicle?
This is the only song....no remix can be better than original....but still its good..
I really liked this then again Im not a professional but I found it funny
Yo hold up how come I can't get this version on iTunes?
Jesus what a cool motherfucker.
just look at this beautiful creature =) no botox and fillers... just plain gorgeous in and out ..   the most beautiful woman in the world!
I L L E N I U M  I S  L I F E
Who already has iOS 11 for your iPhone 7
Check out my new James Corden song https://ridiculizer.bandcamp.com/track/james-corden
Omg yes 
That's what i call holo 0:04 #holo
Could you do a cover of the Evil within 2 song Ordinary world or any song related to the game please.\nP.s love the cover haven't listen to this song in a long time.
This is such a beautiful message.
If you come across and want to see designs hit dkirkdesigns.com\nIf you want to hear music hit https://soundcloud.com/dkirk94\nThanks for being so kind everyone!
The world is better off without him.
50mm is underrated? Its the most sold lens and every photographer recommends it.
New summoner job look amazing
Gosh, Niall you made my day deymn love your voice.
[Verse 1: Tim McGraw]\nSitting with you in a dark room\nWarm by a fireplace\nYou know there's just something about you\nYou brighten my day\nI got something to run past you\nI just hope i say it right\nSo I take your hand and ask you\nHave you made plans for the rest of your life?\n\n[Chorus: Tim McGraw & Faith Hill]\nThere's one thing I should be giving up, giving up now\n\nAnd that's worryin' about life\nOh, I'll be fine\nIf one gray hair shows, i'll be fine\nIf my waistline goes, i'll be fine\nEven if time takes its toll\nWe'll stay young for the rest of our lives\n\n[Verse 2: Faith Hill]\nI've been making plans for children\nSince I've been looking in your eyes\nI even have names picked out for them\nDaughter; it'd be Rose\nSon; it'd be___?\n\n[Chorus: Tim McGraw & Faith Hill]\nThere's one thing I should be giving up, giving up now\nAnd that's worrying about life\nOh, I'll be fine\n\nIf one gray hair shows, I'll be fine\nIf my waistline goes, I'll be fine\nEven if time takes its toll\nWe'll stay young for the rest of our lives\n\n[Bridge: Tim McGraw & Faith Hill]\nI don't really care about those storm clouds brewing\nOh, as long as you're hear by my side\nOh, we'll be young, oh we'll be young\nOh, we'll be young, when we're old\n\n[Chorus: Tim McGraw & Faith Hill]\nOh, I'll be fine\nIf my gray hair shows, I'll be fine\nIf my waistline goes, I'll be fine\nEven when time takes its toll\nI'll stay young for the rest of my life\nWith you, I'll stay young for the rest of my life\nWith you\nWe'll stay young for the rest of our life
Muh carbon.
Can I get a link to some sheer jelly polish peas?
Really?? I didn't fucking know that
I always crack up when someone says 'BFR' esp in a serious tone.\n\nPS-I love Musk...what a great man.
Don't you know? \nEverything and everyone is racist. Even the Sun. Its so racist it makes you change your skin color if your around it too long. Or it burns you cause fuck u that's why!
Wow. TNG intro blew this away what, thirty years ago? This is embarrassing.
I now know that nick kroll is exactly how he was on the league haha 
OH MY GOD
Bears loose...Shocker.

Bless everyone who Is In Mexico. May you all be blessed. This Is terrible.
a phone
*I CANT STOP WATCHING THIS* LMAO!!!!
jojo;j
Im In love Jessie should win an award her eyes drive me crazy Moroccan guy from Seoul cheers to everyone who listen to this now
colette that was very brave of you and it wouldve taken guts i just wanted to say that not only i but a lot of people are missing this channel and they shaytards good luck with everything and i cant wait to keep watching these videos // GOOD LUCK WE MISS YOU
AGH CARRIE! You're coming out with books so quickly I can't keep up! Haha I'm so excited for you though!
My goodness this person body is all jack up :(
I love President Trump! I can't wait to vote for President Trump in 2020, Again! lol However, no one can stop the coming crash! Teflon Barry Soetoro Doubled America's debt to $20 Trillion in 8 years! When Teflon Barry was doing it NO politician would talk about it!
X-Men: Asylum?
They need to win this
Ok me being a Michael jackson fan I only came here for thriller
You should prank your husband and fill the bag with potatoes (up to the same weight) so the next time he is with Aria and tries to take something from the bag he will be confused. (But make sure to leave just one spare diaper at the bottom of the bag) \n\nI'm hitting the age (26) where I'm finding myself progressively thinking about starting a family almost every single day. Anyone else like that?
At my concert, Zach snatched some girls painting. Like stopped everything and asked if he could have it
I live in Vegas. God be with you.
Does the glass back get finger print marks when you touch it
aaaaand now im broke
bar fight you mean a hunger games battle
If I was a women I would kiss his butt but I'm not
First video I ever watched, I couldn't stop laughing!\n\nDiego, You + me + Girl Collection + a ton of drinks ='s The Hangover 4\n\nNow this is a channel worth watching!  Laughs galore!
Why Is US allowed to have nuclear weapons and North Korea not?
5:39
I still don't understand why candice needs a neck brace. Is there something in the video I am not seeing?
Last words?? Probably went like this Please Jesus save me in burning up!!!!!!!!!
Yes please
you go  Miranda
Cycling;\nEnjoy all the protection of vehicle laws, \nBut don't bother following the laws yourself. \nOh wait.
Loving that Vault-Tec top!!
Friendly reminder that an HTC Vive costs less than this
Wow,finaly...Luka doesn't look any more like a teenager :) With the beard, he's more a Man...mature and more handsome.I have the same problem.So I never cut all my beard,I have a short beard...like now all men have it because it's in fashion the trend again. because then all teenage girls looking at me...even now younger people than me think I'm about 24-28, but I'm in the middle of 30... the golden years for Men somebody told...and so I seek a Woman, not a girl.Even sometimes gay men approach to me...hahaha it's more like a curse for looking so much younger..cuter (so they say) than it should be exactly the opposit!-a bonus for easier finding a girl/women. I'm straight,but..ahhh I just don't get it !!?? It turns out I should behave and look out like some macho bully guy.
Your Bible does not have the holy name of the Son and the Father, Yasha Ahayah Bible Scriptures  https://www.amazon.com/Yasha-Ahayah-Bible-Scriptures-Study/dp/1771433264/ref=tmm_hrd_title_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1495595262&sr=8-16
Dom holds Aizawa's character so well
Why he look like a black Klay Thompson in the thumbnail
KRIS Deserve better like this..\nPoor SM 
My question to everyone who supports the actions of the NFL and the NBA: What in the hell are you protesting? Steph said something about what we tolerate in this country, what's accepted, and what we turn a blind eye to. What is he referring to? I, honest to God, have no fucking idea how blacks are oppressed in this country. Someone please tell me.\n\nTo clarify: if you want to protest, that's awesome. That's your right as an American. The Hitler Youth and Nazis in WWII were forced to salute and sing anthems, so i'm against forcing someone to do something they don't believe in. But why are they doing it?
I think they do this all the time now because they want to get a vibe of what the fans in social media say.
I'm black and annoying. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Don't build pieces of shit and this won't happen as much.
This is incredible Fletcher's voice is so perfect I love her so much!!!!
Cringe asf
Hi guys please do a episode on what where to happed if you never stopped eating. thanks really love your channel \nMatthew
Much love keep it up  God bless!
jessie j too underrated, this record is dope
is that edward norton i hear at the end
My favourite design was checker board and the dark green one...
Theresa May She is weak. She does not want us to leave. She is a follower, not a true leader
I WILL ONLY TELL D TRUTH...
This mother fucker is whats wrong with the United States of America
sorry shane but yellow looks like shit on you... i like the bear shirt tho!
Shalom - J'ai pas de commentaire - mais la sant mental est omni prsente - il faut une tape transitoire lorsqu'ils sont ds la vie active  afin de ne pas tre / sombrer ds un tat post traumatique - ralit vs. fiction. Etc...cont Yahla Comme on dit Bonne Job !
everyone is invited to visit my channel\nRIGHT NOW !!!!!!!!! THANKS SO MUCH .
Nice caaaamera (LOVE IT!)
If there isnt a blooper video Im gonna be ticked
I saw you in gymnastik wm you wer'e really good 
Lmao! Best video ever! #GOKINGSGO!
This movie still scares the shit out of me, but the other mother is a whole different level of going to shit my pants scary.
If you want to learn something difficult try to learn how to draw anatomy of a human accurately with proportions.
Gwen stefani 
This is sooooooo cool
nice video i am from India
STEPHEN FTW :D
LOLOLOL, those references. LOL dead. FRIENDSHIP NEVER ENDSSSSSs
Hilarious.  All these hypocrites calling McCain a great man voted for President Hussein! LMAO!
fan
how do i go here so often and i never saw you T_T i even went to 2 of the places you've been T_T
Since its so bad here in the  US Trevor, go back to wherever you came from...but leave Olivia Munn here
Top notch musicians, as always. Made it 6 minutes listening to banjos. Along with most accordions, banjos are always out of tune. ALLLLLwaaays outta tune. A single banjo note is out of tune with itself. Is like all the nails and all the chalkboards in the world...
Do you want to know the ending to this video?\n\nAnwar lalalalalalallala
0:18 Actually I do. Trust me, I'm a pretty big Mario fan.
I KNOW there was some damage but NOTHING like the media built this storm  up to be the WORSE EVER!! Smh
ya because that fixes what's happening with dirty cops
she looks like in her 16s without her makeup, its kins reassuring that she didnt have that much of plastic surgery people think she has, its really all about really good makeup and photoshop/editing on instagram + lighting or angel.
who's here before 1M?
I really love this
I'm not even kidding my cousin has this except it actually moves. It's so funny watching it
I noticed two things #1 is you all have the same color nails! and I would feel safe with jenna as one other is knife happy! lol
Pv
Dope as usual 
Aqui onde eu moro, vou fazer o mesmo. Com a vizinhana fofoqueira... 1:04 
Before 1 million views
im so ready this is the best trailer im dead and dying
Would it be possible to use a prism (or two) in place of the razor / color filters? That way instead of the small differences in temperature or pressure resulting in a mostly binary effect (darker/lighter, green/purple) you could hopefully see the magnitude of the pressure difference as a greater shift through the color spectrum.\nThe helium balloon was a good example since the density put the light well within the green side, but there was nothing to really show just how far into the green filter it was.\nIf a prism didn't work, something similar could probably be accomplished with multiple color filters very close together. 
Is it illegal to have sex with your neighbours dog?
SHE called the President?? I thought the President called her and told her to concede. I think she is still trying to rewrite history.
VARCHIE IN THE SHOWER IM SHOCKED EVEN THOUGH IM A BARCHIE SHIPPER
#cakebookquiz  ice cream  cake
Ewwww bro..
july 21th
0:49 why he block his shot so aggressively 
This is INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!
Time to get the obvious question out the way!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWill there be a Brtal Legend 2? Or a remastered of the first one on current gen?
#QTMBA: Seeing that gravity is what keeps our atmosphere here, I imagine my first course of action would be dying of asphyxiation.
Kris
Can we learn about the civil war without yelling pew pew pew?\nAnd keep the statues up.
Stunning as always but the makeup looked a bit doll like for me...maybe it was the skin. I know a lot of people love the perfect look but I love to see your amazing skin a little more natural xx
I always wonder how many attempts it takes them, and if they're really as hyped about it as they act when they finally get it
Have you done a video on cymatics? I was intrigued by the new Pepsi ad and then a music video I saw on Facebook. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154999834317643&id=39024787642
Are you going to do a follow up video for the Pixel 2 XL?!?!
Your gAy
So happy the movie is coming out. This song is perfect for it.
What's letty instagram or twitter?

One of the prettiest human beings to have ever existed
I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!! 
The word play.. mind boggling.. Blessed..  
I recently flew on a 4 engine 747... can't imagine 20 engine's and how I would possibly survive, LOL!!!
9864598788798998986899000865322464687531136997647410753863275376890853221st
what is this Cancer?
Does whatever a spider cake does
Meanwhile I'm still being a potato
Well done! You've made a video about height and you didn't mention my country (have a guess... ). That's impressive :p
Now with Nirvana
Whoo! Love Siobhan.
nice
Axl needs to lose some weight!. yeah he is 55 or whatever but thats no excuse to not hit the gym and lay off junk food
This is much more unsatisfying than all of the unsatifying videos compilation on Youtube. I can seriously relate to this.
Hi guys can you help me pleas  i need subscriber pleas subscribe me and i will subscribe you thanks guys
Mitch... honey I love you but I can't take you seriously with that mustache I just... XD
I just dropped some new merch and they are  selling like a god church
I want the plan to go wrong so they can't nuke
now, lets wait together for this official music video
PROUD OF YOUUUU
Congrats from Ecuador!...good job!...
yasss #27 on trending
Dang
Someone finally released a new GOOD song
Balanced Jedi are those who rely on the Light side of the Force. Anakin brought balance (restored the natural balance) by destroying the Avatar of the Dark side, Sidious. The Gray was never canon.
50 Longshot medals 50 unstoppable medals 500 assistance suicide medals and 1 tactical nuke headshots unknown this guy is MLG Faze up
You should have Britneyandbaby !!!!!!!!!
Thank the movie gods, been waiting foreverrr
He perfectly describes growing up in Las Vegas. We dont live in casinos, btw
Do people actually think this is funny?
She looks likes shes not blind
neither system mystery topic advance luck federal.
theres a famous 80s song with this exact dame plot
DO PEOPLE GUESS WHO IS A STONER
Couple of retards right there. Pathetic. PS NOT AMERICAN. Just a spectator.
Samsung watches video then says let's make our phones out that glass
I'm super excited for season two!!! Thank you so much for everything that you do in Colleen because it makes me and everyone else you present to and influence! Also please upload your spread happiness sweater I love it so much! Don't feel lonely we're all here for you! I love you so much and I'm so proud and excited for you keep on going!
money
I literally thought there was only going to be 8 episodes on season one but now I found this and I'm so glad that there's going to be a season 2 
Love you Swoozie !!! your such a good guy
daaaaaaayum this is so inspiring. really lokking forward to the album 
But can it play D&D?
You have officially ruined my favorite movie ever... but I still love you guys
10/10 would watch
| just keep replaying the intro, because of the memories of blowing into it
I love how all these people are whining about elitist rich people giving and getting awards, but then they follow it up by proudly announcing their support of a c-list celebrity billionaire con man who might be one of the dumbest people to ever be in politics period. hilarious....and revealing. at least they make me feel smart AND we finally have a president to represent the retarded demographic.
only here for x
The only time Ive ever heard of this movie was when Rick referenced it in Rick and Morty
It's so nice but the last one so fake !
Did J.P. Morgan just invest in or buy anything he could?
Why in the hell is this trending.
Kelly i would have kild myself without you
the walking dead yeahhhhhhh
Jajajaja pero q idiota
Millions of Americans struggling after 2 major hurricanes have hit the US but this is trending
Speech depression dancer raxff medical donor downtown broadcast emerge circumstance.
Por fin despues de mucho galantis vuelve con un hit coooll!!!
I bought the blurt stick ad I like it
Manjeet - \nManjeet Singh\nChandighar\n *All of Team Super says together* Sector 17
Empire Strikes Back 2.0 Looper are just shills for Disney.
his face finna match his hoodie
What a pussy... God forbid we don't make this about politics
yes!!!!
Hey -- You FORGOT PODESTA also.\nLOOK as Seth Meyers DISTRACTS You from the REAL ISSUE to Politicize Sex Abuse!! #SHAME   Listen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPy7arsGAZs
I love this song so much I even made it my ring tone
They should've brought the tranq' gun. Clearly she doesn't like to comply.
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Auquocada
if you are interested in making extra income while at home, work, the car wherever the hell you're at just click the link below. this is not at all spam and it's easy AS FUCK. you click on the link, register, and you're all set there's no fee you pay to register and all you must do is make post like this that generates traffic to the website. that's it. you get paid to post and generate traffic. if this is something that interest you and if you're down to make some extra cash just click the link below for more information, although I've pretty much given you all the info lol. click the link below and start making extra money now. I know it sounds too good to be true, but you don't just make money. you must generate traffic, which actually is just as easy as it sounds. http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=15918
They really should have re-recorded this song. It sounds too much like a half-hearted demo. Especially that poorly-recorded snare drum. I can see why they chose not to release it for so long. Great tune. But horrible recording
This makes me wonder if anyone has made a croudsourced Geiger counter network that we could link the esp onto. Maybe someone will. I'm sure it'd be useful for science of some sort.
Thank you for being so candid about a sensitive topic. My sister in law complained about Aussie TP back in the 1980s, and I found no improvement in 2004. Even here in the states I carry my own supply with me at all times.
i really can't belive this guy he's a god
This guy is AMAZING! he also asks a bit if you can send him doomsday scenarios for the universe so he can explain them.XD
I refuse to believe Jamie James is the real name of an actual person.
hide your cat
79 Corey Taylors dislike it
He looks like Jude Law
Hi
that was pure luck OMG hahahahahahahaha
Not extremely accurate as everyone, regardless of where you are, wears makeup differently. I am half Korean and my Korean cousins wear a lot of makeup. More than this American one. This is just what you see on instagram.
Do everything wrong with needful things
You shouldn't have kids if you are african/live in Africa. Europeans(white people) are dying out because there are not kids while middle-eastern and africans have around 5-6 kids, if you are going to tell someone not to have kids tell it to the middle-eastern and the africans and not to the europeans(white people). If you are an european or european-american have more kids, don't listen to those guys here, keep your people and your culture alive.
Still working that Olsen Twin joke. Fair play. He wore us down eventually.
I love how Jared doesn't tip toe around stuff he just says it as it is. I feel people only watched him as The Joker and that's how they define his acting. If you watch some of his other films he shows that he's an incredible actor & personally one of my favourites right now
Aww we're missing Rob yelling MOM!!
I like to use half plain flour and cake flour will this make a difference if I do this as well following your recipe measurements
When will people realise, if you hurt someone it only means that you're weak! All terrorist are weak people. I know so. Fearless human beings are very compassionate and merciful. They show love in everything that they do.
I found a cool game in which you can play with your friends, fun and interesting. https://goo.gl/MwBxgx
The black rapist-inspired character in a black fantasy world.
You two have such great chemistry! I LOVE the look and the lip color is gorgeous!! Another collab would be amazing!!!! Love you, Ashley!! xx
Passion & conquer!! I'll definitely try to order some... after my next pay cheque. 
 goal is goal my friend                  -Cristiano Ronaldo,\n2017
BLR, you guys are geniuses!
Learn to challenge your preconception of what this movie could be, and then maybe you might enjoy it more.
Me
Jen, you have been missing out on mangas all your life!
Im 18 and my boyfriend was just in a terrible car accident killing his best friend and leaving himself in a coma. I was wondering if you guys could do a video on traumatic brain injuries? More specifically diffuse axonal brain injuries please.
Assholes
Ok i just don't get why you are still guilt tripping us white folks. Yes its embaressing our past and disgusting but why are you continuing to blame us. I know this isn't the same but you don't continue to hate the people in a country that bombed us, years ago. You learn to move past it or at least don't hold a grudge on the future generations. Yes the past is disturbing but it was the past and we all are trying our best with what we have. I'm not saying its fair but instead of just making everyone feel bad as if it is still our personal faults, give us something that can help this issue and make it more fair. ya know? Also I do acknowledge poc have disadvantages but im just saying this video is making it out that we should all feel personally resposible for all suburbs being mainly white.
definitely prefer the french side wowowoow
OMG you hypocrite!!!!!! And by the way, Jane, you're looking more and more like your brother.
Isn't the saying beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so what does that mean if your eyes don't work 
Lol! That ugly building was were all my classes were!  Not science.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FX0eL_6AuM   maybe HE NEEDS TO LEARN A LITTLE  before he judges the 'commander and chief;
Dear Ryan, can you make XXXtentacion's song look at me into a kidzbop song?
Lol Pennywise
You're talking so dang fast in this video woooooh!!  Lol but I agree
Rip this channel,i only liked the cool runnings video
Nicole you are one of my favorite youtubers but i have to say i didn't like your eyeshadow in this one looks kinda muddy you were saying a little at a time but i felt like you were really dipping your brush in the shadows girl... 143 #snapfam
Youtuber trying to reach 13k subscribers. I make natural hair/fashion videos 
I need that white/black seat desk thing behind them
NICE WORK GUYS! wow am i the only English person here....
Wonderful video guys !!! Im so proud! Congrats on the future friends album ranking so high ! ILY
This is a book of life rip off
EVERYONE IS THE MURDERER
Oh
Can you put a lot of water in it
Oh you quickly learn not to give your cat milk even if he loves it so much and meows so desperately when you have milk in your hands - cleaning the litter box of cat diarrhea is not my favorite.
Is this the same with motorcycle? Ive always wonder the pros and cons from the people who really knows how machine works.
GGG should have called the judges to the ring and beat their dumb asses. \nIt's all about the money .
Pls subscribe me and I swear I will subscribe you back. Write your channel name in reply
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 
OMG my cats name is daisy lol
Idris- greatest accent.
Whats this weird nonsense. Thats not even close to the popularity of rap you fucking psycho.
Lol you were shook
wish they would stop making black & white movies
Donald Trump the best president in American history one who's fighting the global is he's having a hell of a fight. Don't worry Donald Trump we got your back
Es el cover en espaol de dani ride
RIP Grant Hart. March 18, 1961  September 14, 2017
Kurzgesagt!!!!!!!!
I love it.  I love the way her voice goes up at he start of the chorus from a melancholy verse feel.
Uggggh. Need strapless bra options for those with a large chest, but smaller chest diameter....32. Can't find any that stay put!
big girl!!!!
bruh seriously though
I can't work out if this is gonna be amazing or terrible
The comments here are fantastic!
*BOOM*
Bring travis nexttt
That dress though 
This is normal behavior in NYC.
What (((religion))) is he??? Muslim or Christian 
When he called Rupaul mother, I was like Yasss you better say it again! \n\nGot all my life from that comment! 
media trying to stir up more fear

Sending a railgun into space would never happen. It would be a diplomatic nightmare for obvious reasons.
Finaly not a video about america
Looks amazing
Dude...you are trying hard........keep up the work..
The rulers back
this is old as fuck
.............................  GREAT!
Deaf porn is hot.  Rare tho.
I have misophonia and I got about 10 seconds into this video before I noped the heck out. Chris, I usually love your stuff but I just can't do this one!
#LVT
oh she got moneyyyyyy. $700 just to spare on an ugly jacket
1.47 LMAO
Guess what 
I'm probably half of the views
There's waaaaaaay too many people in the comments throwing petty insults around for my tastes. And then there's too few people actually worried about the situation this video is about. Instead of fighting amongst yourselves, maybe you might wanna maybe, oh, idk, help them? Show support? Do literally ANYTHING else than than act like a bigot and cause further seperation in the world?
DO BTS DNA!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKbRd_5gNys
Brasileiros fns dele curti
Anytime there's a new release in my box from Eli, it's the start of a good day.
Sees a problem:  Let's nuke it.  The Murika's way
Hi guys I'm a smaller YouTuber you've never heard of and I wanted your honest opinions of my channel..\nYa don't have to sub but plz give me some feedback even if it is negative
Black bean burrito for lunch!
Im the hottest thing in the world dudes
fake trend can u spot the fake trend? one of these things is super corporate and not actually popular can u spot the fake trend?
OH MY GOSH SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE ACTORS! I'M NOT ALONNNNNNNNE
Ive waited forever for this song ;)
The blue starts to look quite intense...*this being said once a third of the face is already blue* \n.\n.\nI really appreciate how this look came out John. It's beautifully blended and exceptionally creative.
So the only thing they changed about the pixel is removing the headphone jack? Steve Jobs ghost haunts us still
Doesn't matter if he is overpowered, if he was underpowered he would still always survive and win at the end of the story since superhero movies are biased and the good guy always comes out on top in the end. Maybe if superheroes would die in movies he would be considered overpowered since he wouldn't die due to his power but that's not the case so it doesn't matter if he is overpowered however awesome video :)
Good job Packers!
Seriously Mitch. Lose the 70's porn-stache. I love you but please, it's cringey
Please, come back to Brazil! \n\nO Brasil te ama 
Noobi
I feel so sorry for you multi millionaire Roman Atwood while i sit in my one bedroom house with no heating.............
Where have I seen this before?
3:26 wtf, xD.
364 yiay vids one more video
oof this is...
The two highest comedic IQ's in the world, both saboteurs dismantling everything as they see it. Neither can build up anything without the other tearing it down perfectly. Neither can be right or wrong about anything. There is no forward direction, only circular blades cutting and cutting down. These two pretending to be host and guest is perhaps the most mesmerizing psychological experiment I've ever seen.
Great vid and insightful. Thanks!
Brilliant. Put a smile on my dial and a chuckle in my belly! Love Judi. Legend!
Whew, that thing is sexy.
Haven't heard Anthony get censored in like 3 months.
*END ME*
Can't wait to see how much this movie fucking sucks just like those other two piles of crap
Why are you making shit videos recently. Like I want the old tyler.
The 4K that disliked this are people who were going to like but accidentally pressed the dislike button and didn't realise
Daniel Brhl is such a great actor.
Rip my first unresponsive yoyo, the magic yoyo n8\nThat's the one used in this video
Whoop whoop
Cpia barata das roupas da Lady Gaga? Tou sem entender kkkkkkkkkkkkkk
  from Taiwan
The ElectroBoom and ElectroCute mic drop moment was epic. I have not seen a tag team that good since Bret and Owen Hart in the WWF.
Canada doesn't have a president, they have a prime minister  (and a cute one too) 8:53
Indiana sucks ass, its just heroine and corn
Thats not Taika... thats Alamein....
wow
as bad as this is it's still the best thing to happen to lancaster, CA
I've seen a film like this where a guy can walk after being in a wheelchair and his wife doesn't like it so she paralyses him
waited for this one for a while lol i love this song
Yes but the dangers of eating just beans instead of beef can best be illustrated by watching the campfire scene in the movie Blazing Saddles.
Omg I literally cried I needed that thank u
Jesus is LIFE
Oh no, not again.
This doesn't look any good. The name of design that has certainly brought hype. But not something that looks addictively amazing!
I CANT LIVE WITHOUT BREAD!!!!!!!!
Make this a oficial single! One of the bests songs ever!
NO HEADPHONE JACK\nNO USB TYPE C\nNO FAST CHARGER\nNO FAST CHARGE CABLE\nNO EARPHONES\nSAME BORING ICONS\nSAME BORING DESIGN\nBUT MORE EXPENSIVE
Go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will definately get the only real working clash of clans 100% working secret by 2017
Emily... do you have a Goodreads?
Where the fuck is my grandpa in any of this? Oh wait he was just diagnosed with cancer after some kind of smoke was dropped in Vietnam by a government,my bad
just watch the bee movie
awesome! yes I loved this episode.
i cryed as soon as i saw her house

Please guys subscribe to my channel please 
say what you want i actually liked this movie
where the fuck is the rock
Jim Carney is brilliant, He's woken up to the truth about Hollywood and how fake they all are and what their priorities and agenda is , it is all meaningless cause you can't take fashion or mansions or your money with you when you die,  when have you ever seen a Uhaul truck in the back of a hearse ? He's more focused on deeper things now like real life , how we are all one than what is the hottest fashion trend that will die off in a year anyway , He gets it now and Hollywood can't handle it , Don't feel sorry for Jim , feel sorry for those in Hollywood getting sucked into the non sense . Jim is sharper than ever
Kazakhstan fans
Tesla philosophy: keep things simple by making them complicated and distracting to use. The whole industry needs to give up that minimalist shit. Nothing will EVER work better than actual dedicated buttons.
THIS IS AMAZING
Some lightsaber thing would have been epic
She is the best
Sexy spec 
Was that a ripoff norton logo?
Great interview, Victoria is lovely. When they ask her about her beauty icons, and she answers what she wants... hilarious, she sells well her products. I love when she talks about her kids.
love is blind,,, love you all...
How tf did Khal Drogo end up being in the Justice League?
Man should have a real job.
Would it pair with an iPhone 6? Like can I play Spotify with it or say, ok google, what's the weather today?
This is all just a big marketing scheme for The Emoji Movie: 2
Wow was the sense I was left with. I am so grateful to learn from and with you. Blessings and love. \n\nPaula Marie
Lol this is the same guy from riddle he does have humor after all
My man Goku can take him out
Make how to sing like ur fav artist pt. 3!!! Thx! 
so the cult of apple has become a sex cult got ya.
Name it Kelly
Your hair is so beautiful!


Star Raws: The Raw Jedi
I love Roth and Andy and want them back but... these last two with the boys on their own have also been great.
I liker her as a person, but shes overrated as a vocalist. So shouty.
Keep voting for that orange duck Puerto Rican's.
Schindler's List is legit the best movie I've ever seen
At only 9999$
fuck my life \nbottom text
Eeeeso!! Chevere ...me encanta a bailar!!!
Actually ancient Hebrews had the best time keeping system prior to Babylon or Egypt
They're cheating. You can't use a template. You gotta install them one by one. Hmph. \n\n\n\n\n\n\nJk joke hahaha
Cool!
DID THAT MAGICIAN JUST SPLIT THAT DOVE IN TWO
How the hell dose he not age
Omg 
She is divine!
Is that a shirt on the gabbie show 1:55 or is that her chest? Why does it not match her face?
I wonder how far Trump would get
Please do something Kingsman!!!!!!
Public transportation sucks because idiots are allowed to vote.
this song is just so important, it should be the worldwide anthem
In my country we eat salmon liver
Who HURT YOU ??? WHO HURT yOu !??! 
Also, considering that the failed parachute is about 18% of your descenting force, hurling it downwards with as much force as possible right before you prepare for impact would slow you down greatly (and on impact less force) according to the Momentum Conservation Principle and Newton's Third Law.
OMG OMG OMG SUPERWOMAAAAN!!!!!!\nILY BOTH SO MUCH!!!!!!!!\nI'M SOOO HAPPYYYYY!!!!!
BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA
Lily

Ariel looks like Adam saleh
Great video!
There is a trick with candles. Trying to light it up  from its smoke. It will be interesting....\nBy the way nice video. These are the videos we want to see!
Trending!
i need yall to do my room omg!
U can see Kylie's baby bump!!!!
RESERVE YOUR SPOT WITH VAULT-TEC, TODAY!!!
VOTE ALL REPUBLICANS OUT OFF OFFICE 2018
what an actual angel
what language is he going to learn first
Unbox Mi A1
I think I am bi
The Dino costume looked like a lobster
you look so good!!!! omg
please have trixie and katya react to this in the next Unhhhh!
3:29 closes the laptop*\n3:32 it's open
Aly and AJ just made a song that I know I'm going to hear in Victoria's Secret for a couple of months. What a great song. :)
Would have been cold if she had a new verse to go with this
Till now it is the most honest,brilliant and sensible song from any 1d boy after going solo.
I don't understand how episodes 8 and 9 being different makes 7 any less of a re-hash.
I liked a Fox News video. What is life?
What primer is that you're using for all your parts? What do you do for rust protection?
Nice Rick Ashley remix
Baby barely a full day old his grandma already telling him how to do taxes and shit. Bart's mom is defo something special 
TRUMP 2020 FIGHTING the GLOBALIST New world order since day 1
Who you calling pin head
where is jughead
This video is incredibly well done! Music and video!
team wegie
Glad he's getting a chance to play again.Still not goin to watch the NFL, stop keelin guys, and apologize to All of us fans who make it possible for you to play FB.
Just admit to us that you like being a clown haha, I can imagine him sitting there with a sad clown face when they say that to him.
We dont condemn Steve for gambling! We condemn him for killing 58 people & wounding hundreds! This Brother just made a fool out of himself!!
Good boy
In the Video that bold/dashed C-N bond should be turned around! You are making it look like the nitrogen is chiral, which it can't be. The rest of the video is very informative and accurate, thanks! :)
Full lyrics, you're welcome : \n[Intro]\nI'ma tell your girl she's a mutt\n[?]\nPeople every, people every corner of the block\nWe'd be rolling, we'd be rolling t-'til the club\n(Rolling, rolling, rolling)\n\n[Verse 1: Yasmine Yousaf]\nYeah a lady pounding sake, yellow kitty eating Pocky\nBoss bitch, hella cocky, that's whats up (that's what's up)\nI'm in Cali making noise off-hotel with the boys\nLooking hella fresh, Kyoto, I'm the plug (I'm the plug)\nValet's on me, like some molly on tamales\nAll the seoritas always show me love\nGot a fire Russian model, taking Vodka from the bottle\nSasha, she don't need no chaser in her cup (in her cup)\n\n[Chorus]\nIt's a new world, new world\nAll the bad boys and the rude girls\nIt's the new world, new world\nYeah, we coming up, yeah we, yeah, we coming up (hey)\nWe don't wanna, we just wanna live\nI'm about to, come out with the clique\nIt's a new world\nYeah, we coming up, yeah we, yeah we coming up\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nYeah, we coming up, yeah we, yeah we coming up\n\n[Verse 2: Taylor Bennett]\nI might be that [?] generation\nBlack, white, Hispanic, Asian, Persian persuasion\nThis happens often, but it basically [?]\nI turn that one-on-one to three, it's amazing\nI came up from nothing and hit the lotto like it's the motto\nGet with different models, with different problems, and gifted bottles\nWe've got fifty bottles and nails is polished, she's from Chicago\nWhen we from the projects projected to never see a dollar\n\n[Chorus]\nIt's a new world, new world\nAll the bad boys and the rude girls\nIt's a new world, new world\nYeah, we coming up, yeah we, yeah, we coming up (hey)\nWe don't wanna, we just wanna live\nI'm about to, come out with the clique\nIt's a new world\nYeah, we coming up, yeah we, yeah, we coming up

time to re segregate. Pop is just telling the anarchists what they want to hear so they won't come after him. He pretends to be on their side so they think that he is one of them. Typical behavior from a survivalist rat. Pop you should set aside about 8 million in cash and give away some of YOUR white privilege to colored people.
6:06  to be more blunt in the book she gets ganged banged by the rest of the boys willingly
That is awesome!
Ahhh! AHHHhhhhhh! AHHHHHHHH! NEEEEEERRRRRDDDDDDDSSSSSS!!!!
It all makes sense now, that's how people fuck their laptops
Why don't y'all just add Marlo on...damn
My favorite is empower love they way it looks
Talking to trump
that's the room for people who film vertically
Your lipcolor looks so beautiful! Tou should wear it more often! 
I already know its going to be lit... But 13 more days :(
Simple concept yet never came into my mind. Great stuff!
Wished I lived in Canada
omg i love it!!!!
Idk her acting is never that convincing to me especially in emotional scenes but looks interesting
Congrats babe we love u
my fav song of her album yayyyy and yup she slayed it
a arrive quand l'album
shes so cute
The cuteness 
Is it just me but I thought Rihanna has a accent and that she looked so different
What's your style?
Did she get to keep the ball? Hahaha, nah I'm just kidding. Hopefully she's alright. Well and that she get's to keep the ball too, I guess. It'd be shitty if she didn't.
You should have teamed up with David Attenborough for Blue Planet II
Pray for my cousin and family in Mexico 
Is it fake?
Teens or adults react to cnco and little mix reggeaton lento please
This guy posting 20 sec. videos ONCE A YEAR... That's more akward.
Maybe you should rename your channel minuteads.
You're trending #48 for me girl! Let's get that baby up there!!  #snapfam
We need all 3 migos but nice song still
6:50 charlie sounds like drunk rick (rick and morty)
Andy is the best
Vean esto por favor  \nhttps://youtu.be/j7_lSP8Vc3o
I miss him :( this is just makes me cry
I LOVEE DOLLIGHTFUL!!!
Must be the director of Fantastic Mr Fox
My Xiaomi Mi A1 (=5X) is built better :D I am interested in its durability test. It would be great if you did with one Mi A1 :)
Trending
Is the baby okay?
Thanks for this video! It was really helpful, i personally do a lot of nature and landscape and especially macro photography and so it always was super difficult for me to take a good architecture shot. So this really helped. :)
This video made me feel better on a really crappy day.. Thank you!
        \nTHANK YOU   FOR SHARING WONDERFUL VIDEO . ALWAYS  HAVE A NICE TIME WATCHING . WONDERFUL EDITING\nAND PRESENTATION. HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL WEEK. GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA . TWO THUMBS UP. .() \n          
Oi Boa tarde  olha eu a novamente te segundo 
I subscribed love you Beth 
My old Nexus 10 has a higher res screen. Feels good man.
ok.. this is pretty good =)
Lmfaoooooooo gurl!!!
*She is so perfect! I am addicted to every video with her!!!*
The plushie tho
i really like this trailer!
Damn Adam is lucky litle bit of hard work  to get his fantasy real
This is so sad :(
Looks like peeta is the daaannger zone. Get it Lana???
I just wanna press all the buttons for her! ARGH! SO TRIGGERING! KIDS THESE DAYS HAVE NO CULTURE
This is creepy AF.
Cool video.
Always impressed by your stuff fam
Rap is popular because it's black culture. Black culture defines pop culture.
:v
Wow! I guess you know that you made it, when you have a tour bus like that! O.O
Music was the best part
Cool vlog!
Beautiful message at the end of the video...and I have officially fallen in love with the two faced just peachy pallette. I want it soo bad!
At least Facebook is still trying.
I cannot stand her face twitching in Scandal. That show is messed up.
I've got merch I've got the Halloween t-shirt and I've got every bit of March and I'm getting away with it and Halloween and also can I have the camera because you're the best youtuber in the world thank you by having a sweetheart and I love it
Jim carrey imitating Scorsese, still must be too expensive...
i am NOT even going to watch the original so it doesn't ruin this parody! damn you guys, damn these voices!!
You earned a like when he said welcome to Krispy kreame donuts
lowkey felt like i was having dinner with you
What the fuck is that thing
Steve Buscemi's son
Lucas Graham?!\n\nEdit:MLP!!!! WTF
As a trained pastry chef, I have a great appreciation for making outdated recipes more modern and convenient.
The kangaroo punching someone was probably one of Remi Gaillards prank vids
so are they inhumans???? Can't be mutants cuz fox won't allow it.
WTF ROSS LYNCH IS IN A BAND NOW WTF I DIDNT KNOW THIS LMAO and aye its not half bad, i hated the disney show he was in
Robe store. :)
Hannah, how much money would it take for you to get gang banged by a wild pack of AIDS infested niggers in front of a camera? I can fly you out to Tel Aviv at a moments notice and money is no object. \n\nCheck your DMs.
i love these people but i HATE buzzfeed
Omg, i miss Japanese Ramen sooooo bad
I'm praying for Huston
When you have to make a ban and pomegranates are taking over the world
You use a video from 2001 as a bit piece? Come on!
Now this is edgy.
This voice is pure liquid gold. I'm amazed
Uhh... Common sense on fox... This is a helluva dream
Let me just go dust off my VCR
Unforgettable 
muitos tentam atingir o sussesso da #MariahCarey mas no conseguem. que msica chata eu ainda prefiro os clssicos que Mariah nos presenteou em 1994 e 2010 a rainha do natal canta All i want for christmas is you baby
These are times when I just wish humans never existed...\n\n\n... but I'll eat beef when I see beef, so...
I couldn't stop looking at his lips when he was talking after coloring half and half
ALL OF DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why didn't she invites him over? So rude!
Kanye 
Bless you all
legit
Stop looking at the tv look into the camera


Gracias Amy ! You look 
Did anyone notice the band giving each other looks after her performance
I have every product but the contour sticks!
You are eaither beautiful and perfect without those poses.
You forgot to include the McGregor Mayweather match.
WHEN HE MOUTHED BRING THE CHORUS BACK. I SAID THATS MY BABY AND I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 
Payback from throwing my baby on the bed and hitting her with bread is a bucket of water to the face!!! Git 'em Amalah!!!
Anyone want to discuss their opinions on the song's  meaning and interpret the lyrics? I'm a bit confused as to the true message behind a lot of Watsky's songs, but this one in particular has me beat...
So I'm 9 minutes in and you've done the repeat thing at least twice. Most notably with the interview, which only has a bit more of his dialogue tacked on the end of the 2nd go round. If you don't reveal at the end it would be a grand joke.
Wtf man i was expected to see the rock cook not some cringey fucking chick
it's so similar like Nickelback - Rockstar
Jon is officially the GOAT producer of short documentaries of any genre.
THAT FAT SLOB MEGHAN MCCAIN IS A LIBERAL DEMOCRAT WHO GETS JOBS BECAUSE HER STUPID DADDY'S LAST NAME.
this song should be 1st place on spotify top list
Not good enough.
It's one of the best lyric videos i have ever seen
This ain't country music. This is bubblegum honky tonk bullshit.
how annoying is this women!
God I love her XD - she is funny!
Do lil pump
Part of my playlist \n\nAnyone else also?
Could this movie be the cure for Logan Paul's colorblindness??!!
I love this song, it is very relevant to me just now
the narrator's voice is all i need to hear! twas like a super model orgasming in my ear. my mind. my soul. will her voice make me feel at peace or will i go crazy on this island alone... ^_^
Things to consider before doing 401k. \n-buying houses\n-paying off student loan\n-buying cars\nThings to consider when you buy a house\n-always do the math. What is your risk vs potential gain? Compare the interest on your mortgage and average gains in the stock market (but past performance is not an indicator of future performance). Think about the chances of you meeting Harvey or Irma. \nThings to consider when paying off the student loan\n-there is probably going to be a time limit when the interest rate on the student loan is lower. If there is, take advantage of that and take that into an account into your calculation\nThings to consider when buying a car\n-I had money to buy the whole thing but I heard from places that financing it builds your credit up. I am not sure if that is true or not but I just went with it. Always do more research and think about how much of that extra credit rating will save you money on future mortgage rates\nAs for the cryptocurrencies:\n-any form of currency trading is as good as a gamble, and cryptocurrencies are currencies. Gold is technically not a currency nowadays, but many still treat it like as it is. Gold price is probably overvalued right now as well. If you research on how much of gold is actually used for real world value such as electronics and jewelries, it's really a tiny, tiny portion of the gold demand. That is not what is causing gold to rise in price. It's other people who treat gold as currency or a storage of value and want a stockpile of them in case the world goes into a global apocalypse or world war, so that they can chop that gold into pieces to trade food, instead of bottle caps.
This look suits you , love 
god. that's so amazing. not even awkward. just pure funny
she is the female version of him. its amazing to watch them 
I get it
#30 trending LETS go!!!!!
excellent, comme toujours ;)
Most of these people are shallow assholes. I'm legally blind, will be totally blind eventually. I tell my boyfriend he's the cutest blob I've ever seen. No I don't care about looks because I can't friggin see them.  Voice, smell, feel, and personality are what attract me not how thin or hot someone is.
Why does he talk like that?
Put Arnold in a bathtub with a toaster in it
Hey guys if y'all like that video could everybody please check this one out say what you all think https://youtu.be/wdT9_q7je44
Just go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You'll get the only real free secret tool completely FREE for this game.
Double joined is a misnomer. You're hypermobile, darling. Go be screened for Ehlers danlos syndrome!
Saban is channeling his inner Trump lol
Lolol why does this video have a condom ad?  youtube thinks this jacket is gonna get you laid
when water rocket is much cleaner and cooler than fire rocket
Why does she still look amazing? ......\nCHEERS TO THE MEDIOCRE LOOKING PEOPLE OUT THERE! I FEEL YA
Liberalism KILLS.\n\nFind a cure!
An Abundance of Katherines may well be my favourite John Green, do read it! I loved Turtles too though. 
But do you think he acted alone. 32nd floors equals 320 feet high\nThe stage equals a distance of 500 yards from the hotel. The maximum effective range is 3-500 of an AR. You see
Yo make a Dad hat
Great vlog Casey keep up the good work
Why are they all smiling doing their jobs?
if its constantly changing state between set values wouldn't that just make a pattern in the chatter marks?
@matpat have u watched one piece???
the ending thooooo
Yuval Noah Harari discusses this question a fair bit in his book Sapiens. He points out the same disadvantages of agriculture vs. hunter-gatherer. Hunter gathering does have one major disadvantage, though; you need a lot more land per person. He comes to conclusion that agricultural societies can support so many more people (and organize their behavior much more effectively) that hunter-gathering got crowded out.\n\nAnd think of it today. How much land would a small band of, say, thirty people need if they were going to avoid cultivation entirely and just live off of the excess production of the ecosystem? And how bad would their WiFi be?
The ending gets me every fucking time and A true puerto rican will understand why
At least some female ass at C&H!!!!\n#ImSuchAWeirdo
Yup, that bitch is scary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go to the google search and search: WUMO SEO. It is the most dependable Seo agency. If they cant rank your website or blog, the company offer you with100% cash back guarantee. I simply adore WUMO SEO.
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will track you down...\n\nYou have my Word.
What happeneds if you are in a freezer
BORICUA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MOCA TE AMO!
i keep hearing patent pending and I keep thinking that they are talking about the band but they aren't ;-;
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
So where was he applying and did he get the job
I have watched your videos for awhile but never commented. It's so cool to see you guys go to school and work which is what I do and it is tiring. I have three college exams next week and it's not even midterms. I am a nursing major so lots of work which sucks but can't wait for the outcome after!
Am I the only one who noticed the death stare from that girl at 3:44 LOL
I have such a crush on Tom 
The amount of the power absorbed is a function of the angle between the polarities, but does the light that leaves a filter adopts a new polarity!  This can be seen be a series of 3 filters, 0 degrees, 45 degrees, back to 0 degrees.   You would get a quarter of the power, not one half.
It's amazing how fucking dumb he is. Total piece of shit for saying that.
Did u hear him say congratulations like fred flintstobe
Serious enough to fuck you guys up
What is this, Cinema Sins?
Bannon is obviously syphilitic. Black-hearted, and dying.
I LOVE BEBE REXHA 
They do this free thing on eBay and ali express as well, sort of. They list items like an eyeshadow palette for $1 but then when you choose the item, the palette goes up to like $15 or so and there's a terrible make up brush, or hair tie, or sponge that is $1. Its all clickbait and it sucks. But pay cheap get cheap.
THIS SONG IS MY NEW RELIGION
This guy represents how news should be presented. Calm, clear, factual. I would love to see this guy do news at the national level.
Everyone steal from the babylonians !!! Lol
He at least it's not an airplane video.

My ad was longer than the video 
Hufflepuff pride yaa
I wnt to can eat like this :D
Go away politics absolute killjoys infected injected into everything now
Your not our  little secret anymore
Gal Gadamnnnnn
She did an awesome job didn't like the song choice whatsoever it didn't go with them They need to slow it down she's very sexy so that's just my Opinion
Joji can be my guest any day.
Wayne's world! party time! excellent!
I love your song friend zone
The Disney cruise is better
That lipgloss smells like jello to me.
I LOVE THE NEW SONG SO MUCH!!! 
Chris saved this song lmao
PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX PLAY ROBLOX
I never heard him mention CNN, but he did make the outrageous claim that mass killers aren't demonized enough and that's the problem... He's off his rocker, but then it's Fox News.  So, I'm not really saying anything.
This looks like a great video, but after you are done would you be kind enough to check out my new YouTube channel and give me some feedback? Maybe even subscribing? :)
I appreciate all of the arrested development jokes, thank you.
So the take home is probably ~350-400k. After paying the auctioneer and taxes. Pretty good for a old blanket made by some dude a while ago
Can someone post the specs or a link to where gopro state the specs on their website, you'd think they'd make it easier to see but instead I just see fancy graphics with no real details
I love this look!! You are so talented Casey, I love watching your videos :)
I love pusheen \nThank for making
Idk bro, the tail gunner isn't that powerful in Boxheads. Rapid fire shotgun is where it's at
His voice sounds like he pretends to be gay so he can gain the girl's trust then sleep with them.
Hello MatPat, your number might be a little inaccurate.\n\nIf we are using Lust as a basis, we should also consider all the other times that she had to use her philosopher's stone to regenerate her body. Moments before Mustang incinerated her, Hawkeye shot her senseless until Hawkeye ran out of bullets. Before that, Mustang also shot her a few times, and she opened up her own chest to reveal the philosopher's stone. After that, Mustang tried to rip her stone out. Her body decomposed and she regenerated a new one from a single blood vessel. Even before that, Maes Hughes stabbed her in the forehead. I think we should consider that those regenerations would also consume souls from her Philosopher's Stone. Unless Philosopher's Stones recharge to max over time...
Please make the party any time other than Saturday morning/afternoon because I'm SDA & I want to make it to your party!! Love you 
Did Jackie get her new intro from the Ying Yang twins? Lmao all I can think of is Shake it Like a Saltshaker 
You're all still gonna buy it anyway you animals
OMG CONGRATS!!!! ILYSM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like my hometown. Then again, I lived in a priveleged suburban area near Philedelphia  . . .
fun song =DDD
more appealing to people because of it's unqiueness... That's why the gave it a very large price tag to make it look more premium than the boring old iPhone 8 with the same design so we spend more on what we believe to be better, but really should have been the iPhone 8 to begin with...
Okay, I love Ethan and Grayson, and I'm proud and happy they are living their dream. But I'm not preaching about it in the comments of this video. 577 people were harmed and the comments are OMG the Dolan Twins. We can see them, okay? They are right there, Ethan and Gray and I'm proud of them. But it is really sad how people don't give a shit about the many innocent people who's lives were taken or were seriously harmed. I'm sorry but I'm not proud of this fandom.
C A N C E R
is this song about cara delevingne?
Do one on Pootie Tang!!!
hi.. i would like to ask about what you did with the flour then butter? ?\ni found a similar recipe before and i made it. my cake texture is like for bread.. its not fluffly. its not cake. it became a bread. how about yours?\n\nand by the way i love your channel and your baking ideas how i wish i have a talent like yours.\nand i already subscribed to the new one..
ive been dealing with depression for a couple months and after ive seen this video i have decided im gonna kill myself
# TEAM freaking POOORGGG
well this is gonna be different. i am 100000% here for a horror xmen movie tho - you done got my attention fox (not that you ever lost it i love the xmen too much)
1st house FOR SURE
didn't care for Wendy's encouragement of frivolous spending. hit show today gone tomorrow. open up an ira for yourself and your future children.
Why the hell is Olivia Munn in this  I think that's under the character limit, pffft....
Thought you were sneaky with that Master of Puppets bit? \n\n13/10
Okc with pg and Westbrook were a lock for the 2nd round if not the conference finals. With melo they have an outside chance against the warriors
was henri paw de deux referenced during the zyler scene??
ya because that fixes what's happening with dirty cops
JubJub want RubRub
Hank Moody. Californication > X files.
Why is this 32# trending why can Pewdiepies be on trending
What a difference a day makes.  A day since this video the saudi king lifts ban and announces women will be given driver's licenses by june of 2018.
now I can play cool math games at 144 fps
Good.  I'm glad you're wasting your money.  Where is your outrage over the persistent racism in America?
communists. even some are wearing the communist antifa shirts
love u
See ya in one financial quarter.
CANADA BOiii
I love you sooo much ur so pretty and an amazing actress ur hair is goals and ugh I just love you
Combined suicide?
When you donate, where do you donate to? I lost all of my makeup collection in a house fire. Im a MUA and its so upsetting. I love you Tati! I learn a lot from you!
So they broke up already?? Rcl's past BF oh her vlogs ? He was way more cuter
Pineapple is not crazy...\nPoor link..\nPoor rhet. Real blood? Are you supposed to eat or drink it?????\nLove the birds!!! 
She works a Des Moines Area Community College in Iowa.\nhttp://whotv.com/2017/10/13/viral-video-of-dmacc-professor-screaming-at-class-is-all-part-of-a-valuable-lesson/
Matter of fact
8:13 james did that 'phoebe buffay' laugh i love him 
2:36 Lucille are you?
WAIT...There's Dolly Parton documentaries? 
yESSS
Could you make a cake image of you
Dirty Aunt Roth is hot 
If you can't explain a biological question like this, call Richard Dawkins first before you make a video.
I did this like 2 months ago in a game of Mexico vs curao and it went all around the stadium like 15 tiME but it was a bit more hands
When did he lose that much weight?!?!
Dem eyez of lauras are
Oh my god
is it because of the explosion?
Unprecedented
Lets call the movie what it actually is: Propaganda. -Pat.
HELPPP ME HOMECOMING IS SATURDAY AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO WEAR BUT I KNOW I WANT TO LOOK EXTRAAAAAA!!
Love this song its so sweet and sound sexy too lol
Poor iPhone facial recognition
Thank you Sam for pointing out the blatantly obvious to anyone who can do a google search on terrorism in the USA. People should already know this, but we have to be led by a comedian to actually look at the facts and statistics.
I agree about seeing the back stage stuff and having some of the magic stripped away
Dam always thought she was a girl...
When he said birds are chirping I thought I was going to have a bad time
Sam Walton started the Walmart practice of busting unions, instead favoring having his workers air out their grievances within the company system where they can either be ignored in favor for the company's interests or solutions (often bandaid) can be sloppily implemented at a snail's pace due to the highly bureaucratic nature of Walmart's system.
Nicee music!! (BR)
oh hell no it happened
Ha i really thought the name of the new channel is i have a personal channel now!  
Diehard fan but:\n- the genius he sees in Sam Esty Rayner for the more recent art and photography seems entirely misplaced. \n- Bus/boss/rain/train/emasculation/castration seems (purposely) a bit lazy, and leads the song to nowhere. \n- the message 'skip work ignore the news' is all very well I guess but not particularly inspired.
I don't do gymnastics but I row crew and find you motivational.
i dont want to have to charge fucking headphones. I wont ever buy a phone without headphone jacks and when they stop putting them on all phones i will just stick to out dated phones that have them. Samsung s8 plus will be my last new phone i think.
In 1922, I killed ma waff
when will you try spray can?
Mark Ruffalo is just another liberal who whines on Twitter about Trump. He's a perfect guest for crying Jimmy.
 de j hogy megint szba kerlt Magyarorszg (legalbb is BP), mg ha csak egy pillanatra is..<3 #HungariansAreEverywhere
Review Laura lees video of you tubers trick o treating  your in it !!'
Hi , your videos are really good . Maybe next time you could try rainbow marshmallows meringues cupcake ?
Waaaa great job
@loganpaulvlogs lol
late squad where are u at??
#cakebookquiz I think that is an ice cream volcano with sweet lava coming out from the top
Ok... so... lets play this game a bit.  Cause it is fun to play crazy.\n\nThis guy would have to say:\nOk, the ISS tracking app is part of this elaborate ruse, they perpetually have a network of high altitude airplanes to track along the path of wherever the ISS says it is.  Then if you simultaneously are looking at the live feed from the ISS, and see it passing over your landmass, it's trivial for NASA to map a CG graphic globe to where the 'cameras' are really just fancy dog and pony show.\n\n... Although that breaks down if you decide to take a long zoom lens to a camera mount synced with the ISS movement.  You might be able to just make out its shape.  In which case airplane might be a bit hard to justify.  \n\nThing is.  There are **lots** of satellite tracking apps.  There are lots of satellites.  Their movement is pretty clearly different from that of airplanes, you don't need to see too many in your life to figure that out.  Honestly, this guy really does just need to go out and see a clear night sky.
descendants plz
So... which one of them is the cuck lmao
This is beautiful
Do a theory on how evil morty is president morty
I just had to hit the like button two seconds into this video just because your hair is fire!!!!!!!!!!  Ok!  Now let me watch the video!  Dang!  My wash and go's do not give me life like yours!!!!!!!!!!!
Umm...i dont think even a latex free glove is sanitary for freezing ice that would be going in your drink. The glove's material itself isn't food grade.\nEdit: whoops I misread it, sorry.
You know the scene in Titanic when the musicians play while the ship is sinking? This is what Theresa May is doing.
At 4:56  rhetts hand is saying rock on
i vote for wengie and wengie win's! all the Rounds! yay wengie win's!
MASHD, when are you gonna come to England?
Kesha no more glitter?
One phrase, self serving
I watched this video 10 times already and I still can't get enough
Pls adjust the audio when you scratch metal, that's a torture everytime ahaha
ARMY, Thank you for helped us to streaming and support for BLACKPINK. \nyou're kindness. Tomorrow we will go streaming for BTS comeback too. \ni really like your BTS new album  'Love Yourself: Her' \nBTS fighting!!!\nBLINKS support BTS 
Hey what if you make a parody of pennywise the dancing clown with the song dancing clown?????
u hated sausage. did u change ur mind XDXDXDXD
kayley! can u plz do some black hair hairstyles... i have black hair and nothing just show up. So, plz do some!!!
Lo siento, por las personas vivir en mexico.
God Made America Great Again
#LawnzGnomes
Hey guys I'm going to need YouTuber my YouTube channel is called icewing659 I do video games and vlogs and I'm not a good YouTuber I'm still new I am 13 years old and I really need some help if you guys can give me some advice please do my email is icewing659@gmail.com and plz subscribe guys you guys are my 1 favorite YouTuber ever and plz welcome me my real name is Ahmad Elhage
So who's copying who? Cause right now,they both look the same.
You are the most beautiful skeleton Ive seen! 
This is the sponsored content I'm HERE FOR
Yes!!!!!!!!
This is so sad my prayers go out to everyone affected by Irma 
chill you fucking libtards, hes kidding ....fuck you people cry about everything
Amazing! :D
I bet Micheal Phelps mom had a water birth.
vlog 
I am still yet to believe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just WOW!!! Can't wait to see it... The best surprise of this year!
Bahahaha wow, what a programming fail on the devs part. That's awesome
Or you can just eat it normally
IN LOVE
Nee karambi alla
Ill sub to anyone who subs me back!!!! Just like this comment & an comment to my newest video saying you subbed, an lll like an comment on your most video too!!!!
How dare you, Sir!! Why, like may another decent chap, I am just this minute smoking a glass pipe. :-o
Roman in Australia in Cronulla there is a cafe called Zuse
This bunny did more slam dunks in a minute than me in my entire life
Wow. I found this to be completely awesome. So glad I'm already subscribed. Thanks. More please!
Do these not cristallize? Every time I try freezing yogurt, it always creates small ice crystals that make it horrible to eat. How do I avoid that?
GO HOLO OR GO HOME BiAtcH
Ummm. So I discovered that Australia has reflective french fry containers so birds don't go after them... \n\nhttp://pin.it/ssY9sFn \n\nBasically holo french fry containers...
Try breaking bad way to start a car (watch breaking bad series)
Why do Americans have so many balls/dances throughout their time at school - prom, homecoming, graduation (anything else?). All you get in the UK if you are lucky is a school disco where you drink orange juice and lollipops whilst Disco Don (or some other horrendously names children's entertainer) tries to get you all hyped, forcing you to sing along to age inappropriate songs (basically any song from the nineties/noughties). Having said all of this I wouldn't have changed it for the world!
Scott Sterling!!!
Jake Paulers we don't play\n\n\n\nFool, your fans are between the ages of 8-13 literally all they do is play...
SKA SKA SKA SKA SKA
Wish 1) make me and keep at 21.\nWish 2) nothing.\nWish 3) nothing.
she needs more attention and views... God! she's amazing
Snot chewing, shivering lip tv moments
Yessssssssss!! Best collab ever!
Oh my goodness that car is beautiful!!!!
Samsung is better
I like when you do a product review (especially shadow palettes) like you did here.  I'm not as into the silly games and challenges.
love the planting cartoon then the cat does what a cat does in the hole the look on the cats face is priceless, Brilliant love you simons cat!!
YOU DID NOT GROW UP IN LP!!!!! I lived down the street from Basset HS!!!! But I went to school in Hacienda Heights lol but anyway you just got way cooler (than I already thought you were)
Just keep reading the script officers.\nWoe unto the Scribes  -Jesus Christ.
yeah
You just blew my mind.
oh hell yes.
Bonnie and Clyde
Omg I've been waiting for this since the YA BUSTED video
I liked that most of the animation does what a lot of good intros do, by dropping hints into the events of the show. Right off the bat we have those people that wanted to sit or ended up sitting on the throne and the order in which they die.
If half of the 'sins' are I know this is a deliberate joke, but we're counting it anyway, and half of the remainder are ALSO jokes you, for whatever reason, didn't call out, in what sense are you tabulating sins? \n\nIt'd be more accurate to say you're just counting jokes. What's the point of that?
Wow.. Just wow. This somehow transcends beautiful/entertaining/educational; this is art in the truest sense of the word. Kudos to everyone involved and I can't wait to own this on blu-ray. Once I can afford the whole 4K setup you can bet my first buys will be Planet Earth II and Blue Planet II.
I'm gonna be so high watching this
Congratz.
They need to do smooth criminal with Billie jean mash up it would be gr8b
It is iPhone x as well as 10
Great tutorial! Just curious about how you clean your brush of resin?
What about isic?
LANA IS SO FUCKING PRETTY OMG 
You are amazing! :-)))
What shade is the pale girl wearing? I'm pretty pale but the palest shade looked too dark on me. Wondering if they've come out with a paler shade since I've tried it.
Oh my gosh Rachel, these are super cute and so easy to make! Love! But please breathe, I felt like you rushed through this whole tutorial in one breath and didn't stop xD Hope college is going well for you and thanks for continuously updating your channel! <3
i love the music video!!
brs i heard bts bts\nkim namjoon\nkim seokjin\nmin yoongi\njung hoseok\npark jimin\nkim taehyung \njeon jungkook\nBTS\n*scream*
Great idea
These shitbags go to the top of the list. America has been declared a NAZI FREE Zone. The time to act is NOW. No Quarter for Nazis, Racists, KKK, and Neo-Confederates.
we gonna get 3 rings n a row the cavs team 
Born colorblind, William lived his whole life in back and white\n\nWhat?
Zoom in. Enhance. Enhance. Run digital facial recognition. My gawd... IT's Jason Bourne!
Fetch me that pitcher!
j hudson is a stuck up boring coach
You mean football.
One drop you flood my mind like a river of goodbye   this is my favorite song from the album previews. loveeeee 
This was a very captivating video. \n\n\nBa-duhm-tish.
My three role models in one video.....wow!xx
side by side with lgv30 thanks.
when's the next citation needed coming?
Sooo beautiful.
Wait, why should we NOT invest in criptocurrencys?
Freakin' Slaying! You can't sing you can SANG!!! <3 #Amazing #Beautiful #MoveYou #MeaningofLife #KellyClarkson
*YES, THE SHOES ARE BASED ON CUPCAKES.*\n\nNow stop asking.
haha! give us a shot please! check out our channel we do challenges and get hurt\nfor views <3 this episode we use wax strips :) you wont\nregret giving us a like and view https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tZzHnyz6wQ&feature=youtu.be
Wait, you guys can dance AND rap? You legends!
Do a video on the BFR SpaceX

this will get 1 billion I bet :)
mister steal yo girl
We know no bear but the Bear of Bear Island whose name is Mormont
take ads of this video youtube
Oh shit, the girl from Silicon Valley is in this.
 
U guys should talk about of what happened to fawkes
This guy is on a streak for trending videos!
Liza : It's true...true \n\nI love her 
It's a good idea and all but I don't like apple crumble
Answering the question:\nGive God 5 stars on Lyft
Do wonder woman!
Why are you sooo annoying
OVERRATED FART CUNTS
Santino???
The Fritzy dilemma could absolutely be a Curb episode.
Louie try this item 808 thump speaker
(JESUS; THE ALMIGHTY!!!):\n\nAnd I saw heaven opened,\nand behold a white horse; \n\nand he that sat upon him\nwas called Faithful and True,\n\nand in righteousness \nhe doth judge \nand make war.\n\nHis eyes were as a flame of fire, \n\nand on his head were many crowns;\n\nand he had a name written, \nthat no man knew, \nbut he himself.\n\nAnd he was clothed with \na vesture dipped in blood:\n\nand his name is called\n\nThe Word of God.\n\n(Revelation 19:11-13). \n_________________________________________________\n\nBehold,\n\nhe cometh with clouds; \nand every eye shall see him, \n\nand they also which pierced him:\n\nand all kindreds of the earth \nshall wail because of him.\nEven so, Amen.\n\nI am Alpha and Omega, \nthe beginning and the ending, \n\nsaith the Lord,\n\nwhich is, \nand which was, \nand which is to come,\n\nthe Almighty.\n\n(Revelation 1:7-8). \n________________________________________________\n(JESUS):\n\nI am he that liveth,\nand was dead;\n\nand, \nbehold, \n\nI am alive for evermore, \n\nAmen;\n\nand have the keys \nof hell \nand of death.\n\n(Revelation 1:18). \n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(The world is going to hate us, because we follow Jesus. We follow and obey our Righteous King in our actions and deeds and the world hates us for it, because we don't form ourselves and obey the fallen king of this present world which is Satan):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nIf the world hates you,\n\nye know that\nit hated me\nbefore it hated you.\n\n(John 15:18).\n\n***(Hated Me): The world hated Him, so it should not be surprising that the world hates His followers.\n\n***(James 4:4)<---Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.\n\n***(1 John 2:15)<---Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.\n\n***(Luke 6:26)<---Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Build your house with Jesus, on the rock, and you will never sink, that's (IF) we continue to Keep his Commandments, we will bear MUCH FRUIT!):\n\n(Jesus):\n\nAbide in me,\nand I in you.\n\nAs the branch\ncannot bear fruit of itself,\nexcept it abide in the vine;\n\nno more can ye,\nexcept ye abide in me.\n\n(John 15:4).\n\n***For the branch to produce more fruit, it must abide, which means to dwell, to stay, to settle in, to sink deeper. The way to abide in Christ is to OBEY.\n\n***(John 15:10)<---If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.\n\n***(1 John 3:24)<---And he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him, and he in him. And hereby we know that he abideth in us, by the Spirit which he hath given us.\n\n***The believer who lovingly OBEYS the Word of God produces much fruit.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Christ answers Philip, on himself and the Father as One. God manifested in the FLESH!):\n\nPhilip saith unto him, Lord,\n\nshew us the Father, \nand it sufficeth us.\n\nJesus saith unto him,\n\nHave I been so long time with you, \nand yet hast thou not known me, \nPhilip?\n\nhe that hath seen me \nhath seen the Father;\n\nand how sayest thou then, \nShew us the Father?\n\nBelievest thou not that\n\nI am in the Father, \nand the Father in me?\n\nthe words that I speak unto you \nI speak not of myself:\nbut (the Father)\nthat (dwelleth) (in me),\nhe doeth the works.\n\n(John 14:8-10).\n\n***(Revelation 21:3)<---And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the (tabernacle of God) is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and (God himself) shall be with them, and (be their God).\n\n***(Revelation 1:8)<---(Jesus)<----I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, (((the Almighty))).\n\n***The Lord rebuked Philip because he should have known the answer to the question he asked.\n\n***(He who has seen Me has seen the Father): The Lord patiently explained again that He was revealing God the Father to them in verse 7. It is impossible to escape the claim Jesus was making. Clearly, He was claiming to be God!
that chick had THE WORST golf swing i've ever seen in my life.
i feel blessed  queen
Stylys but useless...
YA I MADE A MIS TAKE !! TRUMP > TWEER MAN OR HILLAY LIER ! IS THIS WHAT U GAVE US > WHAT A JOKE > IM NOT LAUGHTING !!! SORRY FOR MY MIS SPELL>I CANT READ !!U ARE ALL A JOKE !! HAY > KIM HAS AN H>B NOW LAUGHT THAT OFF !! DUM ASS !! U WILL KILL US ALL > ASS HOLES !!

Adorable old timer and snake good video
I always love that crack sound!
ARMYS WHERE U AT
Stunning Chloe.  Loved the look.  Nice to see a classic look with high end.  Thanks  :)
Allison's dad is fine.
Why would they only give out such a limited amount? They could have ssold a lot of sauce if they gave more than 30 cups per mcdonalds
I've been crying and crying while I've been watching a video. Because of the meaning of the song, because of the beautiful movie I think Wonder is. It's not only about ugly people. It's about all people who go and try to find their own way, not only follows the crowd. It's about everybody who seems to be different and make their own way through life. \nI'm so happy for Bea. Do you see how much she has done from the beginning? I see that and listening to this songs makes me so unbelivable emotional. She's too much for. She's grown more than all of these pop stars. She has the real meaning to the world.
I have video ideas:\n\n1.Holographic cake with Cristine, (simplynailogical)\n\n2.Maverick cake with Logan Paul, \n\n3.>>>>>>>>COLLAB WITH LIZZAAAA<<<<<<<<\n\n4. Monopoly cake\n\n5. Trolls cupcakes\n\n6. Descandants Evil Live sign on a cupcake \n\n7. NERDY NUMMIES CAKE\n\n8. Lip cake with Miranda Sings\n\n9. Another collab with Superwoman \n\n10. Where is Mo!? \n\nLIKE SO RO CAN SEE
awesome video. thank you
I watch this dude somtimes and i still dont see how he is not fat
the veterans shirt has too few stripes.
wtf is this nonsense?
they're related! \nduh... heracles is his uncle...\ntry not to think about who being related to who... cuz they all marry each other by the end...\nthis has been around for ages on tumbr and instagram...\njust saying,,,
Your video is very informative! Thank you for such a great review, doll! You slay, baby!!!
where do i get that disco jingle bells track?
1:18 I thought they put Rain of Castamere in this scene
No love connection but still loved this episode!!!
don't know who make the subtitles for every video, but I really appreciate that, thank you so much, whoever you are
New generation > Trash 100 %
I'm in!
I think all u dumb asses on here saying that this stupid black bitch should be fired just like ditka was fired for saying that obumma is the worst president n history!!! fuck ALL u blacks!!!! especially this dumb Niger hugley!!!!
https://www.ebuyclub.com/?parrain=mouniraicha0202
dua and paul,  yes or yes. \n\n\n\ni say yes.
lol shit got me cracking up. i speak my language fairly well, but sometimes there are just some words i can't say it in my laguage and end up mixing both english and hmong together. then i would have to explain it like that at the end.
Man, if I found out I had 18 half brothers and sisters, the last I would want to do is meet them. I barely talk to the two I have.
13m views after 3 days wow
what are you wearing javier from ayuda a los pueblos?  uhh kakhis..    she sounds hideous.. well shes a guy so...
Yayyyyy, the boss is back!
feeliing for some zaboca now yes
If someone decides to change their fate and successfully does so, did they actually change their fate or was their fate to change their fate? There's no way to answer the question without some external knowledge not found in this universe.
Hide your kids
Girl you're on the Trending page - you go!!!!  Now more can see how amazing you are. 
This mf fried smdh
LMao. I would marry her
Shave that damn neck beard!
8,233 views and on trending? Jk this is a good song!!!
Pleasantly surprised to see her on trending. Congrats!!
Perfeito
You degenerate imbeciles, the more you point out that a shooting is worse than the last and that it's the worst shooting America has ever seen, the higher the chances some ill-minded scum will want the satisfaction of succeeding that record. Don't you fucking see that announcing to everyone that this shooting was the worst only fuels the lunatics to take action to make the next one even more devastating?
lol
Mickey mantle doesn't pay my rent
holoprosencephaly... or hpe..... health and physical education 
my favs in one song. so DAMN L I T
I'm shocked I thought you guys would have 1M already. Cause your pretty famous.
The Gims always wins
Made this for my parents without the cucumbers
I love stickers
thank you Jimmy.
Been clinically depressed and sometimes suicidal for years now, ans it got worse when my dad got permanently brain damaged and the other day, I scared my mom when we got into an argument and I forcefully ran into a wall in front of her. My high school councilor helps the slightest bit , but Im going to college in a year so . . . Wtf do I do with my life XD
FMA!!!!!!
I love you beth, please follow me back on instagram. Its @eliseabenedicta
Perfection!
hey life Noggin will you make your next video about like how some people have panic disorder (like me)
Dusk till dawn next. Pls 
this dude is absolutely retatrted hearing him trying to complete a sentence is pain to my ears. he just grunts words and gets cheers from white sumpremacist with like 2 teeth
Love all the singers and good bles portirico
Why is this trending
how many grey hairs can u count
Cuties baby girl 
I prefered the other music video :(  this one is more boring af, at  least the other one makes me wanna get high lol
What was said at 21:57? It sounds like Sean is saying dont fuck around to Artie!!!
Havnt heard or seen any juggolos since high school
I appreciate this review, i am grateful for the honesty!
MTV is doing damage control. Jason Aldean ran off the stage and left people to die.
Hi
How does she dance with such power and agility with those heels!!! O_O
My sisters a natural red head and for some reason she never gets cold ...
How does Eugene look amazing in everything??
Ohh Madelaine, you're so cute
1:11 to 1:25 can already hear it's gonna be a hit!!
J aime beaucoup cette chanson. Pour moi c'est la plus belle de l'album. Trs beau clip Merci James
This song is fire, but you cant still say its better than those girls...
wow
fight will, fight!  love your attitude. it's hard to be as peppy as you have been when you have cancer, but that's why i really love the way you've been dealing with this. attitude definitely helps. rest when you have to, but keep going at it will. fight!
This is GARBAGE!!!!!!
Maravilhoso
fucking good 
Umm... Golf bags?  Pretty easy to conceal stuff in golf bags, maybe road cases as if he were a traveling musician or photographer.  Maybe just a media guy who does convention sound systems.  Not one of those would grab the slightest attention in entertainment and convention heavy Las Vegas.  What are the cops smoking if they can not connect those dots?
do this every season for every years please
SUPREME BLACK DNA !!!   Fuck off Sharapova!!
Well well well, you just had me almost pee my pants there for a bit!! Good stuff man, great flying!
1:52 That is Navajio Beach in Greece; No where near Chile.
The entire world stop for this ad. Whatever. There are more important things to do. Like helping people in California and Puerto Rico.
You look AMAZING in this vid!
OMG IS THIS REALLY HAPPENING??? ADULT THINGS AHHHHH
This song make me feel sad but I don't know why  \nI love this song
she is such an inspiration i cant wait to watch this :)
I absolutely love this song! The video is heartbreaking, but so incredible!
I think it's important to realise that history is not over yet, we are also a part of history. Looking at ourselves and asking why we live in cities today may answer why we did before.
0:15 whats that in the water? (Anyone Notice)
These athletes absolutely have every right to protest in this way, and that right is protected in the Constitution. HOWEVER, the nature of their livelihood relies on butts in seats, and eyes on screens. When you do something that could alienate a large segment of those consumers, you are taking the risk they will STOP consuming. A risk the owners will decide if its worth it.
It should be Applex Phonx
Google can't even properly manage Youtube, why would you let them manage your home?
I really want to say the n word buts it's just not worth it
He had a bipod to compensate for the lack of accuracy, not that he needed much accuracy to spray and pray into a crowd.
even when Jennifer Lawrence is phoning it in she's better than half the actresses out there, which makes her super dope when she's actually putting in the extra effort. She's definitely worth buying on Blu-Ray
Everything wrong with Alien:Covenant in two seconds - They made the movie.
Well did it work?
Wackume
i dont have facebook...
You are absolutely gorgeous!!
SWOOZIEEEEE
Who's here before 1trillion views???
Lily
I came. I downvote. I left.
Good.
Oops I ment this look\n\nBaby Liza: hehehehe im on top of David\n\nDavid: pervert
Can you play MIDIs in real time with this?
I wish she knew she was my baby momma....sigh...a man can dream i guess...and look for a look-a-like 
cutie !!
I  his voice
Go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only working clash of clans 100% working secret by 2017
Wow
Yay
lol i phone X ..samsung galaxy.. ALL THE SAME SHIT.. GORILLA GLAS MY FUCKING ASS!!\n\nonce u drop that shit.. when you are unlucky.. phone will fall  on its corners.. PHONE IS FUCKED!! the screen will crack and you will look like a fucking idiot.. i went throught that shit.. bought a brand new edge 7 .. 6 months later .. it fell to the ground.. whole screen cracked.. i cried all day long.. since then.. i walk around with my edge7 crack screen edition XD\n\nWONT BUY SHIT NEVER EVER AGAIN  will use my edge 7 till it dies FOR FUCKING REAL.. till the end of its days.. and then.. i will go back to my still functioning galaxy s5.. \n\nbuying s7 edge was pure stupidity, vanity and ignorance like i have the money .. i can buy this mentality i was young and stupid.. ive learned my lesson.. UNTIL THEY DONT COME UP WITH A STRONGER GLASS I WONT BUY SHIT
I am beyond ready for this.
When are you going to upload more googly eyes videos
Are there more of these somewhere?? I neeeeed....
My brain may not know how to differentiate but it can integrate\n\n\nI'll shuffle off
Legend
Oh shit this was posted an hour ago
22pts 7rb 3ast 5 falls
Hey Mikey love your channel \nDo you understand face shapes and eye shapes can you do a video on understanding that
NIPPLE
Cutest hairstyle on you ever!
OMG! This is awesome!
Nur ein deutscher Kommentar...\n\nBitte weiterscrollen
i have Noassatall.  That's a butt problem, right?
When is it coming out! It is hilarious!
I LOVEE DOLLIGHTFUL!!!
you are in the middle of the ocean of course theres no service. thats like calling inside a elevator and blaming your phone and not your location.
I love lana
She has nice toes
Lovely Ladies, and dead on about the tv The Shinning.
Lovers forever???; negro soon as she find a ninja who loves her, she will block your number. Its called being a girl we fuck with you until someone better comes along and then we drop you like a mixtape
That whole family is a fucking disaster.
Grow up, America.
Fantastic 
what kind of burning questions are these??
logan looks autistic
Ski Mask goes hard, why you gotta hate?
Link with that choker under his shirt was hot.. I'm sorry. Goodbye.
God damn those bezels are huge. If you buy this and want to resell it down the road good luck convincing someone to pay you a fraction of the cost.
Sorry Jeremy, I saw this last night and it was the worst film I have seen this year.  And I liked Black Swan a lot.  1/10.
do I still need to tape up my britches if I already have a big snake in there
I love this videoooo! \n\nI made a back to school type video, check it out and let me know what you think that'd be so cool!
ctrl-c, ctrl-v
...I know that things just dont grow if you dont bless them with your patience...
Perfect match! Youre so beautiful, Nyma!!!! Such an inspiration!
You and my son have the same birthday!
Yess she slated and omg Chloe and her mum at the endddd
I think I lost it when the deer started lip syncing
*Ocelani iste boyle astilar* http://bit.ly/2yptYWW?nJMMNy7DKc0iljxD9ovgk4rjBqwb7gN=RC0GeixPkZawjxcICxOMSjZ61v8Z3yKwewfj53bF3c
What kinda freaking sausages are made from a paste?.
Cain???
I cant wait to see more .
The lost cause they didnt have odell
How about a microwave?
Hey, yes you Mr. i am a true patriot and these athletes should be fired. Read this and weep bitch. This is a REAL patriot, a man who fought for YOUR freedom not Once, not Twice, but 'MULTIPLE' Times! Here is what he had to say: http://www.sacbee.com/latest-news/article175322776.html\n\nRespect your elders, respect your veterans, respect those who fought for the world itself during WWII !
I love these oreos! I've been getting them every fall for years
Staring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it\nAnd we can't tell anyone\n\nTake this love and break it\nI don't think I can take it\nGo back to him and fake it\nDon't tell him what you've done\n\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing called love, in a thing called love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nCross your heart and swear it\nHotel room in Paris\nKills me that you're married\nCause we know this should be done\n\nBut when we're caught in this feeling\nAnd I taste your love, and I taste your love\nWhatever the meaning\nWell it's not enough, no it's not enough\nI want to believe in\nIn a thing called love, in a thing called love\nCaught in this feeling\nIn this feeling, in this feeling\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nDon't give me those eyes cause you know me and I can't say no to you\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to (Don't give me those eyes)\nIn another life, darling, I'll do anything to be with you (Don't give me those eyes)\nWe can't have each other even if we wanted to\n\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\nDon't give me those eyes, don't give me those eyes\n\nStaring at you naked\nHotel room in Vegas\nI love you but I hate it
God I want some good vegan ramen. I settle for pho, because we have a lot of Vietnamese restaurants around here. A significant lack of ramen places, though. :(
Nice tig welding
Fireworks, who knew they weren't.\nWho knew evil was behind it.\nTragedy at a concert.\nA different night at the desert.\nThem dancing and laughing.\nThem running.\nEverything changed in just a second.\nWho knew this could happen.\nIt wasn't for fate. \nBullets of hate.\n58 victims.\nAnd that song replaying.\nEveryone's hurt, everyone's praying.\nRoute 91, this wasn't the plan.\nBeautiful people with kind hearts.\nThem looking just for fun.\nEveryone will remember, October one.\nI have no doubt, they're in heaven now.\n-Mar
6
Absolutely stunning, fantastic!
Loose your virginity to this song 
Quem curte esse cara  porque do Renato Russo?\nBrasileiros!?!?
October 20th is my b-day
This album preview reminds me a lot of my favorite NPR segment on schwetty balls
Roman do u know instagram account @romanatwood3425 ???
I love that blue on you!
Voting is almost over ya Beautiful Bastards! Then we can all go back to doing... whatever it is we all do. lolololol. AGH. I'm gonna regret this Hooking Up thing, huh?
WOW! A whopping 130k views?!! I can definitely see why this is trending. Its totally just suuuuuper popular and not just youtube making deals behind closed doors.
ophelia ,harvey,sandy,irma and more please never come back dont bring your friends
hey guys I made a video of things I found on wikipedia and act like I know what I am talking about. 
that squirrel is better than the Kent State offence
You got me dying with your milk jokes
sometimes hes the cutest muffin, and then he turns into this philosophical man
Whats with this bitch coming out of the woodwork I thought we got rid of Hanoi Jane years ago
lolcow
Slow news day.
So freaking glad I'm Canadian.
When can we see Mario on Hot Ones?
Thanks for tips and what to look out for Iskra <3\ngreat video as well ^_^.
Mosolyt csalt az arcomra s felvidtott. Tetszik, nagyon jl sikerlt. Vrom a klipet
Do a honest trailer for Sexual Assault: The Andy Signore story
Which was the first vid of Christine all u guys saw first
That shirt look weird on lavar
he's my hero, too.
Still missing on the iphone\nHeadphone jack\nfront facing stereo speakers\nusb-c\nand a great DAC
WIG!
She wanted nothing to do with it\nWell then you get no credit, it sucks but that's life.
Reminds me of Silent Hill 4's Water Prison.
How did we go from great music from the 40 50 60 to rap?
giant lsd taking friend of a Muppet  I died! lol
I've been on FB for 5 years and the only reason I use it is to talk to people. Besides that I hate Facebook.
You're so gorgeous JOE ALWYN
XD I can't breathe
Any small YouTubers want to support eachother subscribe to our channel and we will SUBSCRIBE back immediately EVERYONE IS WELCOME
Jesus H. Christ this was obscenely horrible
ISS will be abandoned in 2024?? Source!
https://www.youtube.com/c/filipinainJapan
Dont take this theory to serious but what if..Maybe he was severely deppressed and obviosly mentally disturbed. Could it be possible his gambling addiction caused him a tremendous burden? One he could not overcome? He probably planned his suicide for that day cause he knew the festival would be an open area with thousands of ppl that could easily be killed from his room. Maybe  he wanted to go out with a bang so to speak. This is not unheard of. Many ppl have went on killing sprees taking other lives with them before killing themselves. You hear it all the time! Unhappy father/ husband in dept kills entire family before killing himself. This massacre could be as simple as that. However it appears their were more shooters involved so..perhaps he asked for help to carry out the biggest mass murder in the U.S. history. He wanted to be remembered  as a legend of sorts.  perhaps like those of Charlie Manson and Ted Bundy and the like. Who really knows!!  The FBI is just making this case more difficult by hiding the hotel camera evidence and other pieces of evidence from his room.  He did behave as tho he planned on committing suicide by deleting his social media accounts before the shooting and wiring the money to his girlfriend..whom i think has it hidden. He offered to buy her family a house according to other sources. so perhaps he sent his girl back home incase the law caught him before he could kill himself. He obviosly loved her very much and didnt want her to get hurt in the process. Idk..but theirs possibilities that this man wanted to die but not until he killed alot of ppl first. Maybe he was angry at the casinos for causing his gambling addiction which he obviosly was a slave to. Its not that far fetched.
*Why is this on trending?*\n&\n*Why does it have 1M views lol*
SIKE, i'm watching this from dailymotion
The start of a new spin. LOL
I love you soooooooooo much and I can't wait to bing watch season two!!!!!!!
Topical since we now have people marching in the streets with tiki torches chanting anti jew slogans and running people over. I'll start the count down till someone punches some pathetic simpering deflection or conspiracy theory into their keyboard at me. 4.... 3... 2....
kurvetina
Dont there just going to take them money and run like the rich always do I am taking them a truck load of fresh water next week help how you can
Come check out my Scottish Beauty channel! This weeks video is my high school make-up. https://youtu.be/i3qgrq7c_cg
Do a peach cobbler wrapped in something
I would go to when John made his channel and convince him to delete it
:'((((((((((((
I WASN'T READY

Awe I could just picture her mama, hiding behind telephone polls and crouching down behind mail boxes and cars, all so her tiny tot could proudly and independently go to school by herself like a big girl. That's cute. I see her with her little backpack and lunch pale, just happily trotting down the street. Adorable.
Those 20 mintues went by too fast 
Make a cake from ......Mal daughter of maleficent, Evie  daughter of Evil queen, Jay son of Jafar, Carlos son of Cruella De vil
I want this lady to come back next election and come back stronger.
Why is sammy so relatable 
MEXICO is being punished for all the drugs and crime , cartals, and thousands of murders that happen every year in mexico because of drugs.....Mexico registered more than 2,000 murders in May 2017 alone , a record high for any month since 1997..The spirit of these people have come back to haunt you all.
My baby is so big rn
best video ever honestly
Is it a pumpkin pie latte
Didn't she used to do storytimes?
You just didn't bother with trying to pronounce it correctly, did you?
This genre just suits Danny's voice so fucking god holy shit.
Te amo Puerto Rico
so cool chloe!
What there is a vr game from Alan Walker !?
**dont click the vid dont click the vid dont click the vid**
It's like when you really want to fit into those jeans ....
Lol noo arnold xD
You idiot you dropped your plant
Here before a mil
I PREDICTED IT
I feel like the Canada bit was added because Canada wasnt mentioned at all in 'History of the World' XD
Cute video 
LOVE YOU KATY
I suppose no one will fact check this either.
How is this collection so holy
This dance suited him very much. Excellent frame, his personality came through, he was light on his feet and there was some way. On the negative side - there was gapping and his connection to the floor could have been better. I enjoyed his performance. A 7.
I love you simon's cat 
This video shows why we should not disregard those scientists who express doubt about Global Warming.  In this medical instance, two lone doctors turned out to be correct when the vast majority of their peers felt confident that those two doctors were clearly wrong to doubt the majority opinion on ulcers.  A new, correct, correct idea is usually discovered by just one or two maverick researchers, and it can take years before the majority of scientists come to accept that new idea.
Dear ryan \nmake another \nONE PUNch MAN pls??
I have the opposite effect. I look white but I'm Mexican I go and talk to the hispanics in Spanish and they talk back to me in English.
Brace face. LOL
I would like to hear her sing with Jencarlos.
Hey Steve! What would happen if you you were to use multiple mirrors and/or multiple lasers, possibly even of different colours? (Red and Green are the easiest to get a hold of. For example: 4 mirrors + 4 lasers (2 red + 2 green for the purposes of imagination) set up an equal distance from the center of the speaker. \n\nFinal thoughts - what happens to the light at the nodes of the sound wave? And what about sine vs square vs triangle waveforms? And what about the cello (coz cellos are magic instruments)?\n\nBasically, this demo is fascinating as f**k.
Do we know if any of the souls got used up before lusts death
The fact that a GMMore episode is higher on trending than the actual GMM episode is mind boggling
Love this
this is the ultimate stim video
MAN do you know how much difficult is to find good music like this in Spinnin' nowadays?
I WATCH ANYTHING WITH BLAKE SO I WILL BE WATCHING THIS.
I'm not the only one who discovered this dude bc of harry right? \n\n& I love the song
<3
It's funny how my YouTube name starts with bear.
There's her equal rights.
It is hard to find quiet places in nature. \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
What's the time signature? Also this is a great song and really good sound quality
Durkey \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDONT JUDGE THE DURKEY 
I've never heard of her lol Intel I seen the south park movie
(Sees book) cool I'll buy it when I get my next paycheck\n(Hears he'll autograph the book if you preorder it) TAKE MY MONEY
yES JUNGKOOK RAPPING 2:22 and also appreciate the coreo  2:44
Cutey Pies.
-Who can do this-
Can we please get a version of the show in this filter!??? Make it happen Netflix.
Why is everyone in the comment section mad about Kylies success yes its through the name but its not her fault she was born there at least shes using it as a blessing
This sucks
first comment
I watched boo2 you Inanna did great
Lmao Jackson ran away and came back to get more candy
NEW JAM! Thanks FBR for helping me to discover great bands!
was up
You, sir, are truly a terrible person. I would claim that you are terrible for having used JB Weld, but that's not nearly as offensive as having not installed your magnet in your ruler you cheap fack!\nImpressive actually :-)
Yes you do have to complete the wave
Red velvet is my favorite kind of cake.
Dear Ryan,can you delete your channel no hate
Wow! It looks amazing!!
Thomas I Love When You Do This Stuff With Anime, But you always Trigger me When I Know all the Anime and you Just Like OMG I want that to be an anime Please
i mean...Finally Cubs!
Niall Directioners Indonesia Love You 
I love this modern extacy...\nPerfect illusion 2.0 
The label on the filter of the gas mask said open the cap before use
Precioso
First
What do u call a gorilla in a suit? \n\n\nRead more
lol I love this show and Gordon, but does anyone actually believe that the kids just happened to pulled up to the hotel right when Gordon was walking out. lol \n\nI'm guessing the kids actually did ask to meet him before he goes to the restaurant and they staged that whole scene to illustrate it to the audience.
Always deliver with ease
ON REPEAT!
Really? Joe joes? How bizarre
Best it makeup tutorial I've seen so far 
very cool song..i like this song...love from Indonesia...
Man you showed them...
The person who recorded is called : Bill Dumas\n\nMind : Dumbass\n\nReality : Dumas
Nianna is best dancer
Turbolift music. Terrible.
Hey hey hey can you look for this?well I will tell you were it lives it lives in the jungle but I do not now which one but it is called the RED JUNGLE FOWL do you now that??
Still is, REAL MEN WEAR PINK ;)
I hit the dislike button just because of Bella Thorne
to all the people that think depression and suicidal thoughts arent valid... chester is proof of how real and terminal mental illness is. dont ignore it.
How do you turn on the turn signals? There doesn't seem to be a turn signal stalk...
I'm actually getting excited about Christmas Already, thanks to Gwen  (her voice is so perfect for this song!!!)
\n
Guitar solo!!
So proud of you
Count how many times Chris says the word easy.
They ESPN needs to bring back Curt Schilling #doublestandards
I am 15 and my neighbour was like OMG ur too old
White people and people that benefit from white supremacy are the ONLY racist. Blacks are the the most natural human superior beings and that's why they hate us, you don't think they secretly and sometimes openly hate that we are so gifted and talented at natural humanly things? These white devils are inhumane and u should get why they care about dogs more than a real human being. All whites are racist to 50% or to 110% they are just at different levels. And the whites that really believe they are not racist and wanna comment show u how bad they are racist by spinning it back on the most oppressed people in this entire world; in history; God's true people.
L O L 
I gasped when you put on that berry lip...it looks gorg on you, especially with that olive turtleneck
The intro !!!!  omg , had me shook . Jordan always killing it 
Why are young people fronting this video? Surely childless people in their 70s/80s should be presenting this? A mix too, some who regret not having kids, and some who don't.
XD ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP I STUCK A FLUTE
psst\nhey\n\n\n\n\n\nSOAP
I really enjoyed doing this :) felt a bit silly but think it worked to remind me of how far Ive come in my life
Some people win the genetic lottery dont they?
Nothing wrong with being white you fuckin racists
My friends don't believe me when I tell them I'm afraid, sad or anxious. I feel like I have no one to talk to, and I'm only 13. My parents say it's my hormones but why am I the only one like this? My friends seem fine and I'm distancing myself from everyone. I am scared to go to school now as I fear of talking to people. I know I can talk to them but they won't listen to what I need to say. I only want someone to talk to in my life. I wake up everyday and feel like crying, it's no way to live. I've even stopped eating as it makes me feel nervous in front of people. I hate this, I hate everything.
Don't get it, not willing to reduce myself to get it...
Never buy the newest model. Buy a 6s for half the price. Works the same.
definitely still a top 30 player easily that espn ranking was sad #no credibility
Bebe Rexha call me
Deciding what my friends and I wanna eat literally goes a little something like this. Great job, guys! Loved this! Lol

Plz do something descendants
Plot Twist: The baby is fine. But Andy Samberg later succumbs to his injuries.
Hell yeah bubba
Im pretty sure strawberry isnt a extremely bizarre flavor
This is 6th...just wanted to let you know.
Now someone light a firecracker & watch this guy run off the stage faster than Usain Bolt!
the 1990s clown looks less scary

Thats kinda cute xD
Ur my favorite singer
#YIAYbasic I was born.
Please dont give Trump any stupider ideas
I really shouldve guessed this would have spoilers before I watched it
Where do drugs come from?\nHeaven
Why you mad
Hahahahahah this is for real ? Omg XD 4:01 serious
We all know every bit of fashion she's showing isn't her favourite! She's gunna wear them once and that's it hahahah
Maryland blue crabs are better. They're the best. And crabs aren't crabs if u don't steam'em with OLD BAY.
Fuck yea
Whoever made that glass is a genius with a borderline psychopath.
pissed myself laughing at the whore girl going aaah and then Tyrions oh right after!
Not funny...
25:16 the keywords are it goes into detail
Lmfao the end  i died hahaha
The second book BITCH FUCK ME UP
Anybody know this dude real name,  hit my car and disappeared
And how about combine harvesters having to harvest 1 type of plant at a time when more plants are in the same square foot?
This is made me cry again 
I was hoping the cgi aspect of the video would've been noted. The editing and capture I would rate 9.3/10.
wow finally a new song and its great
Another question is why is Google not releasing a new tablet? I still have a Nexus 9 and would like a similar replacement that is all Google. Huawei makes great devices and may look at their tablets. I using a Mate 9 as a daily driver and it's still great. This is someone that bought the new Nexus device every year. I have not hopped on the Pixel wagon yet. Mate 9 was my Pixel XL.
What will dog do if u are fall down?
Wrong ...most iconik gun is dirty harrys magnum.
Not what I expected
Never knew how much I needed this partnership until now. I'm really rooting for these two.
The little girl is my cousin
Oh my goodness laura they look amasing 
What's this one about?
thank you for sharing. I love drinking lemon water
I love the kardashians.
aaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!! this is amazing can't belive you came this far
omg! you were with the chainsmoker!!!!!OMG! OMG!
Will and Max tore Kyrie apart. Stephen A is a joke.
Hhtdrt
4:36 Marilyn Mayorga
So happy Vanessa is on the show!! You should do a vegan taste test with Cami, Lili, Vanessa, and Casey!
The emoji that you did not know what was is a for something called curling it is a sport for the winter
Why do u have an british accent ?
PIROGI!!!! YUM YUM!!!
Where in the world can you find mass shooting become a regular occurence? Almost all shooters were white. But no one blamed their white families. Now you have a white shooter with a non-american, non-white girlfriend who is on the other side of the world when it happened and yet her photo is everywhere like she was the one holding the gun. Hmm.. something is NOT right.
Yessss!!! I love these creepy shows
I love this song already....!!!
I love watching, all of, a great YouTube clip and then fully wanting to read the comments to see what other people think . In my convoluted way of talking, that basically that the video is that good! More of Sean and Bronson together please 
I WATCHED OUT LOUD AND YOU CUTTING YOUR HAIR ON REPEAT, THEN I CHOPPED MY HAIR OFF!! THANK YOU SOOO MUCH FOR GIVING ME THE CONFIDENCE TO MAKE A BIG DECISION LIKE THAT {it really is life changing!!} LOVE YOU SO MUCH <3
\nSUBSCRIBED
damn starting with mgs3 huh
That fucking medieval guitar in the background tho... great vid nonetheless
This is the fake it shit I ever watch lol
hey where do you get your iPhone wallpapers from?
Interesting she's keeping the sleeve on her ring finger.
This song is so related to me 
It's SUPERRRR. Need I say more?
this goes hard af. love it.
2:03 UwU
They go to work no way in hell anybody in this video is old enough to legally work
He forgot yellow sun glasses at 0:37
NO TEAM! ONLY HULK!\n\nHAHAHA
I've had the shamrock shake before. It takes like mint! Mmmm!
This video is amazing! Thanks and keep bringing content as great as it.
Great show
PERFECT!!!!!
Finally that perv is dead
First video Ive seen and I already subscribed and turned on post notifications
so good if all singers did the same...we love music videos...congratulations fergie...excelent songs,beats,true feelings..kisses frim brazil
Missed a big opportunity by not naming him Guy Fireri
You need allah
Loved it! Makes me want to fight people in a fancy department store.
Your voice is annoying while listening to this.
Sounds about white to me
Life is like a hurricane
OMG Matpat I love your singing Lol
His accent is adorable
Hitman: Oh, I know who you are!\n\nZayn: You don't know me.\n\nMe: I'd like to know what the fuck is goin on.
can you guys please make giant rolled ice cream. it would make my life
anyone else see the hidden message at 2:51?
WHO CARES- THE NFL IS JUST GROSSLY OVERPAID STREET THUGS WHO JUST CARE ABOUT THEMSELVES- VETS DON'T WATCH THE NFL ANYMORE

How bout a vid on your fav vegan makeup + routine 
Another b.s military garbage movie portraying the real terrorists as good guys  brainwashing the ignorant ameridumass people.
Us must punish these radicals..
40 sec mark cabbie vid....you hear 1 distant volley...\n\n20 sec later you hear. Loud as hell volley right above cabbie in mandalay lot https://youtu.be/435CC8cFIEM cabbie\nhttps://youtu.be/JxmEFeKy8aI accustic anyalisis
All the media does is play white vs black. VA riots were with paid actors. Rednecks with matching tiki torches?  Dont fall for the divide and conquer strategy.
Are the filters affecting the polarity of the light?
Please just put it out in theatres already the wait is killing me ;-;
I really want to be there..
now that Kylie is not here means she's pregnantly showing
I want JHud to stay for season 14.
I would love to have magic ice powers, I would build a giant ice castle and make magic snowmen to do my bidding.
I thought he was dead
 the teas too hotttt *sips*
hot damn, that was dope
It is scary garbage like that seems to go through the filter and get into powerful positions. Those people become doctors, lawyers, police officers. Truly scary. Good on this Lt. on addressing the situation. Ignorance and small thinking only hurts this country.
Can you make a Strawberry Shortcake based cake?
#yiaybasic I went to Starbucks and snap chatted it.
Shane Walsh, you more rougher and meaner than before. i guess that what happens in the afterlife.
There is no underlaying law that dictates a person has to pay taxes.  Yet you are forced to pay taxes to the IRS so they may be able to pay national debt to the Federal reserve.  The Federal reserve is a privately owned bank that works like a corporation, but has the legal ability to print us money, but in turn, charges the US to do so.  In turn, this raises the debt owed.  The US is not allowed to audit the Federal reserve for any means or reason.  \n\nI'm truth, the modern tax system is theft upon the US individual.  There is no reason for there being tax codes being more than 74k pages.  You are forced to pay a tax amount against your will even though there's no true law stating that not filling your taxes is against the law.\n\nThe Federal reserve is part of this issue.  \n\nTaxation upon our populace caused a war once before.\n\nA president caught the mainstay of Banks and one.\n\nIt will happen again.
lol stupid children
Do you even fact check the stuff you are uploading or is this an oversight error on your part?  The center of the earth is NOT 7,891 Miles (12.700km). The average distance to the center of the earth IS 6,371 km or rather 3,958 Miles. \nIf you were going for the full distance from one end to the other, then yes, it would be about 7,891 miles, but that is the full distance NOT the halfway point you are describing.
I love Jon for this. This really lets us see which you tubers have changed after fame.
I got the e-audiobook from the library on release day (still waiting for my pre-order to get here in the mail), and devoured it in one day. I cried twice. I loved so many aspects of this novel, but will leave it at that to keep the comments spoiler free.
I would say do Australia vs America but literally everything beauty or makeup related is the same.
Just put the passcode in the every other phone lmao
Only 10 minutes?! Church is suppose to be an hour long!
Lol, songbird.
Can I have my finger back, please?
I was looking at how to grow your nails video thing just wondering how often do you cut your nails actually now thinking about it that's pretty stupid question ignore this.....if you try to grow your nails why would you cut them....
mais ou menos, curte mais o vdeos do q a music
Gotta love how many/most of your sources are Wikipedia XD\nMost reliable source of 2017
what happens if I collide 2 sugar coated donuts? does it make a giant donut\n\n\n\njust a joke 
Consider not attaching a camera to the side window if you have side curtain airbags. You could injure yourself badly.
Im starting to think that whoever this channel belongs to is the male copy of my science teacher lmao.
Did you just assume Unity's gender as FEMALE!!?
damn mitch you look great
I don't get the on the go part?
I'll contact you for AKiLi\n(A-rtificial Ki-swahili L-anguage i-nteligence)
OBJECTIFYING WOMEN,....damn jews are SMUT MASTERS.
Cool)
The dream!!!
Please don't put people in your beautiful videos Kurzgesagt! Especially people that pause before some words....to emphasize a point.
*Pillows for adults.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/magicworldmira/listing/562507151/*\n*Give a special, intimate atmosphere of passion - in your bedroom, with pillows for adults.*
Beautiful song brings tears
The Hero 5 looks a little better
Damn he is so good at this shit wtf
ves luis fonsi! si eres capaz de cantar as pq te rebajas a hacer reggaeton?!!!
great!
Lol
Oh come on!! it's not that BIG of a spoiler!! I thought it was maybe about the location of the last infinity stones or something like that
Some might say they need to be an aquanaut
Lauren looks like Megan Fox 
So is this stranger things or what?
HowToBasic on here
Kill'em where did the bell landed?
Great! Another soiled turd on the way.
this is what we like to call...a juicer. this video was juicy?
They're AWESOME!
Dubai is interesting, because it's one of the most progressive places in the middle east w/r/t not killing lgbtq people, but it also runs on slave labor. So. It's got ups and downs.
Dick eating hoe diet consist 24 coves a night literally hit her up on tinder
GoT was my favourite show ever and this season ruined it. Thanks to the lazy writing, plot holes and general stupidity and carelessness of DnD. Ruining something so good takes a special kind of stupidity. And you guys proved to have it in spades.
jeez shane and them prepared like dads
I was waiting for this cover Kurt I really like this song. I love what you do because your covers are never like others' I don't mean that the other ones are bad but you make something different for each songs that's why I love you \nxx
Soooooo  fkn cutttttteeeeeeeeeee
R.I.P.\nHe died while doing a dream job and with no pain.
What in fresh hell is this?
Mitch: *laughs* I can't.\n\nMe: Y? You've done it like twice already (on camera).
Is it just me or...is he a T Mobile
For something really scary, watch Ellen's bogus interview with the guys from hotel security who were working during the Vegas shooting.
This is a cute way of getting people on board with voluntary genocide for the betterment of Earth.
Hippy BS
PUERTO RICO!!!!\nOUR LOVE FOR YOU\nThanks to all the participants in this great song.
I love this channel so much omg
Loved it!! So inspiring.  Lost my brother in 2013 and i wanted to die just so we could be together again.  The pain is so great.  But im learning daily to live for me and him.  Great movie
Of monsters and men vibes.
LOL this guys vids are so short but prob funnier than most on the internet
Unboxes Pixel 2 > still records with some outdated phone only on 720p, WP Linus
This is great!! Could you do one on intimacy? (closely linked to vulnerability)! Thanks!!
Now this is real music!
Man, I clapped at the end. What a masterpiece.
Wow!!! I love the epic sceen at the bay area.  It is nice to play with friends and have fun like you did guys.   Love seeing you, Alodia and your friend hanging out together Wil.. That's helping you beating the cancer...\n\nLove you bro.  Praying here for a fast recovery.\n\nIngat.
i was 11 when i listen quesadilla for the first time and since that i really liked walk the moon. now i'm almost 14 anD I WAIT TOO MUCH FOR RHIS
Teens or Adults react to Almost Like Praying by Lin-Manuel Miranda
I like the feedback sounds
I think this is the best room you have done it's sooo good !!!!!
Watcha Doin' Jamal?
This is cool
mike!! make the low mein noodles!!
I will give you 500000
Huge deja-vu here :')
SHES PENG
When I searched up this video, it had 9.6k views, now it has 28,370. What?
Five days of self pampering
He Might Look Skinny But He EATS ALOT LOL
so much sexiness in one place!!  love their voices!!
This is not a scam or spam. I am trying to spread the word about my dream of becoming a mother. God Bless. https://www.gofundme.com/kasxky-help-me-become-a-mother
Paradocs Diary\nhttps://youtu.be/ldK9qvRBkMI\n  ,  !!!! \n      .2.000.000  !!
Visually nice but doesnt seem all that great of a story to me.
Lost him at thousands dead
Milf
I honestly thought the $1 dog was going to be Cement
I love the vibes this video gives. Keep doing good thing like this 
Duuuude I say pellow and I thought I was the only one
That nice leg gap doh.
Yes! Yes! Yes! I love our backpack bag, and I basically carry exactly what you do, with one addition. A shirt for me! I was inspired by a friend of mine who's daughter had a blow out while she was holding her. We were out and her baby had a change of clothes, but momma wasn't as lucky.
If he came uk he cud gamble cuz u  can be 18 to do anything over here
You can't change history  says the people who changed the slave trade in the history books.
What's inside a red balloon?
Corey, its actually a great song!
Secular rappers can't even approach his level
This may well be the most miserable excuse for a restaurant I've yet seen on Chef Ramsey videos -- and that's saying something!
You are perfect 
Lauren 
At the rate you're going, you should change your name to Simply Hological.   In other news, those aren't scars lol
Damn you..i want more
Why
whats with the sims 3 background music
MK sorry, but can you drool over Redford even more?
#realmusic
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewers head. Theres also Ricks nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes,to realise that theyre not just funny- they say something deep aboutLIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty trulyAREidiots- of course they wouldnt appreciate, for instance, the humour in Ricks existential catchphrase Wubba Lubba Dub Dub, which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenevs Russian epic Fathers and Sons. Im smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmons genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. \n\nAnd yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick & Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. Its for the ladies eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that theyre within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 
Girl you hair is absolutely gorgeous!!!
somebody told you I was whack, check the source. somebody told you i was back, yes of course. got a problem with the fans, there's the door. you lookin for the old me, check the morgue THIS DUDE NF IS A BEAST.
44k in 13 hours gets to trending page but when ricegum gets 100k views in an hour its nowhere to be found 
Casey please try jabon zote in white for your oily skin, this will hel you so much please , please, please try it you can buy it at amazon you will save so much money on skin care, you can even use it to wash your make up brushes.
A LIFE WELL DONE
So who gets raped this time?
I think the December it'll fully finished ! And that month they'll have a December  event

Please make something eyebrow related with Liza!!!
I'm confused... what wouldn't you give up 200mA hours of battery life for, the S-PEN?   That's nuts.   200mA is insignificant compared to the value the S-PEN brings to the device.

Literally only here because I saw the Dolan twins! 
9:09 had me *SHOOK!*
Hu
Pink is the best female entertainer in nay genre\\\love that lady!
wow
Pleaae subscribe to my youtube channel everyone
Wait a minute... This can't be... COLLEGE humor making something about COLLEGE?!?!?!? Call the President, College Humor has been hacked by the Chinese cause this dont make any sense.
Proud to be a hawk
Silly cis white men.... Good thing they have Reika there to set them straight. Hilarious video too btw. Great job on the leftist propaganda, College Humor. Keep doubling-down on that - it really seems to be working well. You guys are just really, really.... funny. Not to mention morally superior to all of us unwashed masses.
Only here to bash..wgaf about her please stop trying to make us care about celebrity baby mommas..real baby mothers get bashed for not having a ring on it she never had one on from Chris who is the real talent we should hear from she weak not all that cute no body personality of a licked tootsie pop..damn i hate that y'all earn a view from me just so I could type this but its worth it lol..foh karruche
He wanna kill the children with fried That's easy way not too much poor kids anymore. Look at world map, All British empire colonial lands are dead now, They had great indian Empire which is Baburs now, They have only tons of poor people. Brits destroy and kill the World. Now, India making great India like back in the days. Americans, Franks, Brits.. Go home..
I love toris voice raspy or not . She sounded emotional and btw her voice is raspy for those who dont know
Ass hoo
Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria.......you restored my HOPE today!
I liked it!!! =D That was fun! hahahah
No
The dodo always makes me cry
CLICKBAIT!!!NOOOOOOO
I'm sorry but I can't accept this. ShamWOW is the best advertizer
It's on trending
I'm so glad you guys get along so well
SHE JUST MADE AN H3H3 REFERENCE 
LOl, the idea that had Houston simply not developed it could cope with 50+ inches of rain is patently false. Similar conditions occured in 2001 during Tropical Storm Allison (around 50 inches of rain) before quite alot of the development we see there today, and yet the flooding damage was about the same. As usual, VOX is wrong, and doesn't care to hide it.
Hlo dude perfect
These guys did not even play the first red dead redemption
You looked depressed, almost suicidal. You should look into therapy.
its been two years since the release of crybaby, and we are still getting new videos :)
The candied apple is incredibly creative and beautiful 
Flossy when you get your hands on & see that 8Plus in the new Space Grey Bro  that one is fire !
A book I plan on reading that I'm sure you will like is Dr. Lee Dugatkin's new book How to Tame a Fox (and Build a Dog) . Coincidently, I heard about this book on the podcast Talk Nerdy and the very next episode is with Caitlin Doughty, whose channel I just discovered and now I'm seeing everywhere.  The internet is a small world.
00:55 Ah give the door baggage dude 100 dollars. lol
I feel like you guys are rehashing your old stuff
Got to see this preformed live at Hills Alive 2017 in Rapid City South Dakota...So glad to see a video for it that I can jam out to all the time now!
#clintonsweinsteincosby So well dressed.\nhttps://twitter.com/jockdoubleday/status/919232963161853952
Taras is already watching this.
If my head was in a tank with spiders I'd probably vomit and pass out.
dolan twins 
100 years of Somalian food
What would happen if you were in a full body cast for a year
Ricegum WONNN
NeVADuh. not neVAHduh.
Visit the channel you support your channel. thanks you
this guy is such an idiot
Probably because Japan has a 95% conviction rate and harsh environments in prison.
Witness is the 2nd best song ive ever heard, 1st one is Firework
I.  LOVE.  THIS.  SONG.  It reminds me of 60s Motown.
I love how Jared doesn't tip toe around stuff he just says it as it is. I feel people only watched him as The Joker and that's how they define his acting. If you watch some of his other films he shows that he's an incredible actor & personally one of my favourites right now
Black kid is the traitor. . .\nSUFFER AS I HAVE SUFFERED!
6:45   
Where his jeans from again
music is too loud where we cant hear the voice al the time....
What in the actual fuck...whats it like to want so much attention that you have to make a Liberal fucktard pointless and off base video of a current topic?
Want It All (Full Length)\nNike \nNike
HYPE
thunder
AHH this is the perfect video for me. All things fall make me so excited.. totally ready for halloweentown
Is that Pink Floyd I hear?
i like how positive she is
Yes then the future gen might not need air/oxygen
Kate McKinnon is incredible
YouTube trending only targets liberals as indicated by the dislikes.  Look at all other Fox videos and the like ratio is 96%.  Interesting social engineering techniques.
Skip: I'm starting to think Trump is not qualified for the office\nShannon: He was NEVER qualified!\n\nLmao, I love Shannon 
Review THE BLOB 1988 plzzzz
You could say he's on a highway to the danger zone.
They look amazing with natural makeup
Nice
Honestly, I don't think that he liked every single song they made, after all, they're five people with different tastes and not every one of them can be satisfied. \nBut, I think that Harry and Niall were/are the only ones that generally liked the music they made.
If people quit killing themselves or killing people we would probably have more people..\n\n\n\n\nYeah.. you.. Hitler.\nEDIT: You can die from Old age and That's the only reason is probably good.. Actually wait, no. I'm confused.
445K Views!!!!
Is this glitch fixed
You should make the breakfast pockets from jack in the box or the naked egg taco from Taco Bell
Oh no Derrick what is you doin with your hair
This movie is going to slap majorly. Wes daddy back at it again my guys.
OMG #KANYEWEST WAS AMAZING.
Dam I want some donuts!
Subscribe to my channel live2pacson  1 luv 
Love you
thank you for being the only person to do a fenty beauty review without slathering trophy wife allover your face. the yellow highlight is not cute, pls someone just come out and say it.
You look beautiful, I like your fall style!
Good job pissing off your entire gluten allergic audience
what is the name of the song from his Barbecue Playlist
Enter Shikari pushed and abused the boundaries in rock for 4 albums brilliantly. now they broke the boundary and ended up in a radio electronic ditch. But im still going to be jamming to this shit. Hope the album sounds more like the ES rock music i love.
How about a Julia Makes stuff While JP does not approve?
Here from 8,01,326
I don't really get all this, but I love hearing about it.
AWW HE'S SUCH A CUTIE PIE
another masterpiece yay
Pay me millions for playing pretend.
Katy have you ever had that mole on the left side of your chest checked out? asking bc u my girl
Take a shot every time she says foundation
level up bacon and eggs
At least they are fighting for something. They are fighting for thier culture to exist as it is and not be labeled by nay sayers. They are fighting for everyone else to live how they want. PEACEFULLY!
Que huevotes
Shockingly, this video isn't autobiographical.
Who else heard that laugh at 3:04 
I would have expected far more than only 22k views.
Happy now that I've watched it, Youtube?
I don't know, I am honestly still deeply thinking about whether I should get the iPhone 8 plus or the iPhone X. I mean I like how the 8 plus has a big screen which I'm used to but at the same time I love the design and concept of the X.
I just went to see the movie. Dont it stinks drawn out.. stay clear!
Goodbye.
Hurricanes are like NIGGAS ,they ruin everything.
Dwayne needs to do more vlogs, or upload his instgram videos.  Something with him in it.
Blesiings Colette~ keep evolving & shining on your path in life..... quote to share: \nOur deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God! Your playing small doesn't' serve the world. There's nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it is in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.--Marianne Williamson (A Return To Love)
dude perfect should dab not saying i do in like if agree
iPhone 7+
James I'll find you and will kill you !
thats mah baby
DAMMN shes actually so good
Love it
the first one sucked, #marysue. the second one will also suck. watch episodes 1&4 then rewatch forceawakens...remake via marysue.
  
The first and only time my fashion has ever been lit same Shane same
I'd like an Honest take on some classics, such as Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, or Godfather.
The Miz  STRONZO DI MERDA
Learn the story behind Fund The Future. One-man Charitable Hedge Fund and help us meet our goal. @generosity https://igg.me/at/TaHPh0nhSVg
My grand kid s dog Rusty has a best friend who lives across the court. She left with one half the couple who owned her when they divorced. Rusty became so depressed the vet put him on prozac. She evidently did not do well with out him as well. Several months later she was rerturned to her old home. The homecoming looked very very much like this video.
@0:18 \nRick? Is that you?
Wonder if theirs a layover?
I like your boobs
That plot twist thooooo
What if you do not have twitter can you do it from your parents phone?
No stopping until you catch 'em all!
Keith Urban was the only one that didn't totally trash this song. Instead of paying tribute, they made one of Tom Petty's most popular songs a pollution to all the ears that listened. What a shame.
I love u 
damn that wall behind you is just great!
this is so fucking true haha
reminds me somewhat of the D'ni jails in the Myst universe, i think you can see one in Uru.
Looks like your teeth become very thick.
God bless mexico I hope my family is okay :/
Haha get triggered bitches
Harrison Ford has a wicked fun sense of humour...as does Ryan Gosling...the two got along really well
Did no one ask how offense is spontaneous but defense us slow, because that makes no sense
volviste
Love Coach Saban comment regarding the media....keeps the team grounded and level headed so they don't get the big head!!!\nKudos Coach Saban:+)
Greyhound dog is so playful and love to play with his friend and jump i have a greyhound dog too she is so fast
I can't believe this week is gonna end without you guys getting sauced :(
I never realized how much I missed Kate McKinnon's impersonation of Hillary Clinton. It's like seeing an old friend again...oh crap! Aaahh!!!
YOU GUYS DONT HAVE A SCHNUCKS??
That is the only interesting thing we have in the antelope valley. Besides planes.
I love these stories !
marked
What would happen if we only drink milk?
So England has a goat soldier. You have a baboon for president.

That was one take?? I was thinking all the way thro, the amount of times they must've re-shot that to get the chill vibe they were going for - but no, one take! Flawless 
Why don't you donate your money instead of asking those with much lower incomes to donate.
Was at this show and it was legitimately incredible. You two were both great! And it's so interesting to see both where we were seated and then the backstage, which is definitely not how I imagined it.
lol destruction kit, cause destruction is a daily routine
Love this!!!! Neutral colors are my favorite
You need to make Everything wrong with Halloween (the original one)
that child is more comfortable at camera than me in front of class
My Google assistant is responding to you. Trying to add things to my shop
John Green sent me here (so excited for turtles all the way down!)
ITS KELLYWISE SHES KELLY
I like the part with Evan's stairs
:)
Rick not a dynamic type character, no matter what, he still the same, because he Rick! And Rick not really like changing his character, and he can fourth wall breaking to see that.
Krypton.. I keep thinking about Superman's home planet of the same name.. 
What does NPR mean?
Revolutions are sparked by the most desperate, who've been marginalized to the brink of existence and have nothing to lose, but freedom and the hope of a better future to gain.
Desiccant.
I really Love that you always have matching clothes, this time you were making watermelon cupcakes and you had a watermelon shirt!! I Love you so much!!!
I loved your intro 

*There has to be something you got from preschool COUGH COUGH nooooooooo* 
Try listening it at 1.25 playback speed\n I don't care Maroon 5 buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
Wow, Apple finally decided to make a Samsung galaxy phone. Good times
No Franklin's? You gotta be kidding me
I'm Chilean and me and my dad love Selena. We watch her videos almost everyday, we really like her and still feel so sorry because she was killed so young. Gonna show my dad the doodle.
Girl you're more than half way to 2 Mil !!!!
Stereo image quashed in this mix...
Beautiful
I wonder if you could buy the lightboard letters without already owning a lightboard. Does anyone know?
You'll be Ard
narrator 100
So cool
ESTE HOMBRE ES ALUCINANTE.........
I be like :  *WHY ONLY NOW DID I KNOW SUGA'S HAIR IS BLUE IN THIS MV ?!*
he made my day
long commercials = switch channels
How would I know of the iPhone X give away? when will it happen?
So simple but gorgeous!!! Lazzzzy daysss 
Seriously my biggest inspiration on youtube  hope to meet you Shia in someday
Is mayonnaise a trance bassline?
Damn this is so cool!
You are bad
Middle  parts hahaha  I don't know why?!   but it took me like 20 replays  to figure out wtf you were saying  for some reason?
only 34k views....this is disturbing!! keep rocking Little Dragon!!! one day People will realize what they missing Sleeping on  great music!! Great collaboration with legends!!
As much as I love your collaboration covers, it would be amazing to see another cover of yours where its just you on the piano singing with your amazing socks (like you did with cant help falling in love).
Am I the only one who gets irked by her complaints when she looks perfect and super fit in every single thing? Like I get it, I don't like alot of clothes either but that's because I'm pudgy and muffin tops happen no matter what
Yooo, is that joji vlogs?
Her lazy tutorial is full makeup to me. I just do my eyebrows and put mascara on
Damn, Christy you should if been the new president of the USA, darn if only Trump knew what holo was... How sad........ *sigh*
Wait, when did YSAC turn into a commercial?
OMG she looks like a cheap tramp, pun intended lol
We die and we get reborn AS A ROBOT OR A HUMAN ON MARS
has anyone seen the connection between the new TMNT and SRMTHFG? Namely, the genie episodes? would love to see someone else catch that theory with me! ;D
I think Jennifer is better. She's voice so controlled and many technic!!
I picked this video just to see whats happening and there was a disney XD ad
AvE, sadly while there may not have been prior art, you just made your own prior art, as I'm guessing you didn't file a patent before publicly disclosing this via this very video! It's all public domain now!
Yes.
This was actually better than the first episode of season 7!
Follow on Instagram whiteboy339
   Annihilation HDM0VIE]  ( bit.ly/2ybFHZT ) 
OMG!! I have to get all these products now!! You totally sold me! I have been using the maybelline lash sensational mascara lately and absolutely love it too!! Can you do more of these drugstore videos please?!? 
I like your style!
Statistically being the president is the most dangerous
Kisses from Per  \nProbably never will make any diy but you are funny and pretty as hell. Love u
yea..
Damn not bad looking kids.
Nikki better off with 30 year old meek lets be honest
so apache struts is soo buggyy
A voice challenge with the woman who made a freakout racist video over a single comment? I'd say she's more like Triggered Woman.
Are there people inside?
Wtaf?
Chester for ever in our hearts
And this is why players like Wilt Chamberlain would crush the current NBA, modern superstars are all so weak minded in comparison.
MY DEAR, DEAR SAM.
i was so sad about your grandpa home he gets well sooner than later
Ramsay: Can I get the chocolate cake\nWaiter : Here it is! Hope you like it\nRamsay : Oh God!! IT'S RAW!!
That's a good thing how is this breaking news it's not like OKC will be a threat to the warriors 
she literally DRENCHED that spray on her
How about the scumbucket media and papanazi back TF off? These people are professional photographers, they know when they are too close. How about some personal responsibility, get out of the way or get roughed up. It's her own fault fml
Are you trying to kidding me Jimmy? Cause omg these days you had two of my favorite actresses Margot Robbie, and Gal Gadot! On the show, And also two of my favorite singers Miley Cyrus and Camila Cabello! Thanks Jimmy 
Never been a huge fan of her but I really admire her doing this!
My name is Ricardo-meaning Great Leader.\nI am Australian and so is my mum, but my dad is Italian. What's weird is that my name is spelled Spanish/Portuguese, not Italian. The Italian spelling is Riccardo. They just liked the spelling better.\nThis led to many years of having my name spelled wrong, my brother's name is the same... Marcelo instead of Marcello... Weird right?
Just found out  a few days ago he died last December her was a roll model for me. Sad I never saw him live.
The perfect song too.
This is in the top 10 on YouTube trending
So very sorry for your loss 
Imagine just looking at you're cumshots
imagine thinking this is true. Jancy 4 life.
Yep, global warming is just a hoax folks!
Harry Potter Jr. is the true Potter.
yeah
Marble was dressed in a football outfit and he took a knee! Is that how you say it I'm not sure but good boy Marble
Quality parenting 
Why does it look like samsung s7 edge, is apple only good at copying androids ?
Amazing song
are you at gunpoint or mentally ill
Im obsessed...
Holy balls this is fricking adorable *-*
Casey I wish I could just run into you whenever I'm in the city! Lol IS IT TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR REALLY?!!?
Where in the world can you find mass shooting become a regular occurence? Almost all shooters were white. But no one blamed their white families. Now you have a white shooter with a non-american, non-white girlfriend who is on the other side of the world when it happened and yet her photo is everywhere like she was the one holding the gun. Hmm.. something is NOT right.
14:58 minute word
Llevaba semanas esperando este lanzamiento, cuanta alegria, que orgullo carlos, no dejas escapar detalles, le cantas hasta a nuestros ciclistas, a la fantastica cartagena y ahora el barrio mas popular de tu ciudad, entre mil cosas mas, todas espectaculares con esa musica fusion y ahora con sonidos muy caribeos, muy jamaiquinos mucha riqueza en cada composicion, como profesor de musica me emociona escuchar tu musica viva colombia y cada uno de los amigos extrangeros que aqui comentaron.
Thought I was ready, ready for someone else\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of myself\nThought I was rock steady\nBut that I didn't need no help\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of myself\n\nGuess I went ahead and jumped the gun again\nSome shitty situation that I put you in\nAnd I know we poured champagne\nMaybe we was just too quick to celebrate\n\nI thought I was ready, ready for someone else\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of myself\nThought I was rock steady, that I didn't need no help\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of my\n\nI get ahead of myself, yeah babe\nI get ahead of myself, yeah babe\n\nKnow that I was first to say, I love you, babe\nMoved my things to your apartment down on 2nd Street\nI thought I'd cleaned the slate\nBut I guess I didn't clean it all away\n\nI thought I was ready, ready for someone else\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of myself\nThought I was rock steady\nThat I didn't need no help\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of my\n\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe\nGet ahead of myself, yeah baby\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe, yeah babe\nGet ahead of myself\nI get ahead of myself\n\nI thought I was ready, ready for someone else\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of myself\nThought I was rock steady\nThat I didn't need no help\nBut every time I get ahead of myself\nEvery time I get ahead of my\n\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe\nGet ahead of myself, yeah baby\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe\nGet ahead of myself, yeah babe, yeah babe
all I hope for to have is the BoM, a swiss army  and my crush
This was smoking Hot!
This was beautiful love you homegirl wish you the best, and more in life. 
They look alot older in the thumbnail
Dvil Is my fave. Who else?
NO MAMES!! QUE WUEN SERVIZIO JSNXJSNDJZ
makin my eyes get moist boys... keep it up!
I Thought they learned thier lesson about having a glass back. Honestly apple just skipped over 9 to get here, so im calling this the     I phone 9.
Would you guys do a review of the movie Ghost ship? I'm sure it would be great time for you
FAVORITE SONG EVER
It only cost a mere 500 mil?? That is pocket change for apple!
Dear people. Check out my latest video WASTED! in my channel. The video features an hour length dance remix set personally created by myself to keep people up and raise fund. The set is comprised of 16 pop/trance hybrid tracks, and the set will give you both both chill and blast. Please share and like the video! Thank you for your time and support!\n\np.s. I don't understand German
Farting and facesitting required
Add a bit of pussy sweat and tadda
I felt like I couldn't breathe when they revealed it! I was not ready for that.
This was probably one of the greatest birthday presents I could have gotten, Thank you for being you Mr. Cohen. May you rest in peace 
*AI CARA ELA T TO NA SUA...*
Girl ... go ahead and dive into the manga world, you'll love it !!
this looks like 2007.......i vaguely remember that period of my life and I don't want to relive it.
I love this omg
I like the way you emphasize on your t's.
Awesome video Rachel
HALLOWEEN
SLAAAMMMINNNN!!!!!!!
It's nice to see she can afford some decent clothes at last.
I would LOVE a tattoo from Margot!
Lol goofy lol
Haha there's a 30 dollar phone out there
Que te jodan imbcil de mierda tengo una presentacin en una hora y tengo la cara llena de lagrimas xD
Man southwest you were the competent one now no airline is good anymore
awesome!!!
You're doing so good man! Thanks for bringing country back for me :-)
I love freaking look 1, you should totally wear
Now make steel
I subscribed
I'm sorry I will probably never be convinced that this guy can pull off Lando Calrissian. He's too twitchy
Wheres Mirandaaa?
pas mal , mais c'est pas ton style ;)
rick does the I'M *blank* RICK! a lot, i mean I'm tiny rick! I'm little rick! I'm teenage rick! I'm pickle rick!
Why are you making shit videos recently. Like I want the old tyler.
Teyana is the bad chic that could put on some big jeans and Timbs and walk past the RA and the RA never looked twice....HBCU life
chi lamediabola
HI BICH
The video is shot amazingly.
Thank you all so much for checking out my new song Waterfall ft. Panama. Waterfall will be on my first album Presence coming out 10 November.\n~\nMerci  tous dtre venu couter ma nouvelle chanson Waterfall feat; Panama. Elle sera sur mon premier album Presence qui sortira le 10 novembre.\nxx PB 
I tried it and it was so delish
This is adorable but I'm gonna be a grammar nazi and say that it's what it looks like, not how it looks like. Sorry it just bugged me 
Watching Movie? Listening to Music, beside Youtube, you can enjoy one month free trial in Amazon Prime Package by clicking this link >>>>> http://amzn.to/2juv7qB
First thing which came to mind was bubble boy from seinfeld
Bruno is so awesome\n No wonder why he is the pop king of this generation. I admire him so much. HOOLIGANS CAN Y'ALL RELATE?!
You wouldn't believe all the famous artists that copied. So cartoonists do it too. Not really surprised.
Looks like somebody chewed it up, spit it out, and then has led a lougy on top of it
I love it  so amazing
Weekend at Bernie's 2017
in the minute 1:54 appears the flag of a Colombian football team called millionarios. Posts: are Colombian
Anybody got tips for making a good Skunk build? I know they're not really in the meta, I just think they're adorable.
Some of the worst logic Ive seen in a while.
Simply go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will definately get the only one working clash of clans working method by 2017
I love your body
Well Im find myself back here again for the 10th time! Morning Inspiration! If you havent watched the original artist music video you need to check it out! You never know what someone else is going threw!! This is a Powerful Song Yall!
My grandma is pretty tall
Zauntee should've rapped
Wow!!! Amazing 
Hi
Yeah..i was expect more for the highlighter but its more glittery and the glowing just basic
Was litterly today like when is dulce doing a fenty review cuz I feel like we're similar skin tones lol
Do a scarecrow look
i cant live without french fries

If u want ur fruit to get riper faster cut off the flowers that are grown so the plant can focus on growing the fruit
Nat Cole is smiling down on Gregory  : )
This song honestly not my style, too fucking weird
they did to much with this song nothing but hollering ohhh Lord!

Hatians carried out a white genocide and made themselves an aligorchy paving the way for dictators and of course the Clinton rape of their resources after the earth quake this is not the Domincan Republics fault some times bad decisions have bad outcomes and the children pay
This is such a bop, I'm quaking
Where my Hufflepuffs at ?!\n
i wish more of these comments were about the actual video than people complaining about the clique or the clique complaining lmao
FINALLY
i <3 it I can relate my love life to these song and when you wanted to be relax these is one GOOD song :)
Este video en serio me hizo llorar. Deseo con toda el alma que no haya habido gente dentro.
Tri to do  a  back flip
this life are still many other things that are these
Think about it, someone actually had to design this and build it multiple times just so everything was right.
I miss these so much like just old school talkin' about shit Vlogbrothers videos.
LMFAO!!! I will boycott Dove simply because they apologized to these over sensitive SJW faggots. If this dove commercial offended you, kill yourself. You are fucking toxic to a free society.
For diabetics you need to cut the sugar
nature is boring
Nicki NEVER disapoints
for those who may be concerned or would like to know how molly looks when sitting on my face .. stop the video at 0:17.. your welcome lol
I'm coming to your concert !!!
Watching in my S8+
Was there a big demand for a sequel to this turd? Unbelievable.
Let my mercy prevail over my wrath Quran
Gorgeous....as always!!! Love this look!!! 
Nothing's changed - a quote from Simpson after nine years in prison for selfish thoughtless actions. Wow!!! you'd think he would have had some introspective journey about being a total douche bag. But no........Nothing's changed
BMDS more like BDSM
Wade is better so the cavs
Damn, how much I miss those old documentaries down-to-earth narrative talking style, the babyish modern one like in this case also just takes away the magic and make me sick...
It's beautifull 
The other hosts seemed more genuine, get a huge phoney vibe from this one tho...
Feels bad that i couldnt even pass a simple course in community college.
Their voices are soooo good together
Wow christian artist on trending???
When do this movie come out ?
Only 10 minutes?! Church is suppose to be an hour long!
*What is with this generation and the love for poo?*
More like crazy farmer
Do WONDER WOMAN
and thats why you dont share kids 1(1)(1)(1)(1)(1)=1

Best track off that tape
Simple. Tiny sticker on his finger. He places it when Heidi zeroes in on her chosen area on the card. Look at when its zoomed in. The choices are literally smaller than the size of his fingertip making it easily stickable on the card.
lmao do you want to know how to disarm someone with a knife... you break their elbow
Juilan makes me sweaty.
Best female duo ever ...
Well that was messy 
Stephen 
Damn, this is good
Hey Boogie. I'm happy you're feeling better, and I'm happy your life is getting back to normal! You are looking different and better day by day, and I'm super proud of you man. Keep up the good work.
Learn to Program in C++? I think it'll give me the determination if you do it too. :)
Who the hell care about builder hall
I would've truly been saddened if this happened to me ... \n                                 Like damn.
Youtube/Facebook/Instagram/Twitter/Soundcloud Services for Sale\nYoutube Video VIEW for Sale( 10000 Views for 10$)\nYoutube Video LIKE for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nYouTube Subscribers For Sale( 1000 Subscribers for 31$)\nInstagram Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 4$)\nInstagram Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 1$)\nTwitter Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 2$)\nSoundcloud Followers for Sale( 1000 Followers for 5$)\nFacebook Fanpage Likes for Sale( 1000 Likes for 5$)\nNOTICE: THIS SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR INDIA AND PAKISTAN\nIf u want to BUY Contact me Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me  Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number  +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Creditcard\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(For demo Invest 1$ to Test if This Service is legit or not)\nxR6d8V5oh0o
Michelle Pfeiffer is still fine as hell
That's some deadly shit
Tony romo is actually a good commentator
If this was real it would be as shocking as Washington the president is a flipping DEMIGOD IN PERCY JACKSON!!!!
mom:did u bring ur phone?\nme:why would i bring my phone?\nmom:did u bring it?\nme:no.\nmom:i brought mine.\nme:is it waterproof?\nmom:no why?\nme:you might want to check it.\nmom:ok.\nme:so hows it goin?\nmom:its wet.\nme:WELL NO DIP SHERLOCK!\nmom:why are you yelling?\nme:DOES THE PHONE WORK?!\nmom:it wont turn on.\nme:*facepalm
Checkout My Video\nTop 10 Most Shocking \nhttps://youtu.be/woj_YB9LJSQ
Love this new segment of doing someone's actual room! You guys rock. Don't cut off my bun. 
   
I absolutely love your videos, you are def a big inspiration for when i make my own !
Don't get me wrong you're makeup is goals but you look so beautiful without it! Like omg you are gorgeous. oh and great video love.
Nuclear power is the way of the future
I've missed your tutorials!! Thank you love for posting it! I've missed ya! XX
I'm just here for the music...
I LOVE this!!!! It's a great way to bridge both generations when it comes to making business work for everyone!
11:13
Its becouse the floor has Aids now
Se a J comear a cantar em portugus no vai mudar nada pq o publico dela parece ser so daqui berro
Is Ezra Snoke?
Where is the fucking second part
I dont get why they are getting mad at Southwest, if she didnt honor the terms of service and a state trooper had to remove her, whats the big deal? She shouldnt have resisted. I dont get why people stillt try to struggle against police officers, like you know if you use force, they have the right to administer force as well (obviously they werent hitting her or dragging her) but you could see her resisting. Im sure they ask her to get up, they wouldnt just go over and rip her out the seat or there would have been a commotion. \n\nTl:dr\nIf she wouldve just complied with the officer this wouldnt be trending on YT
catalan people have the right to decide their life. shame on spanish prime minister
MORE MAX LANDIS
or Hello dolly.  The Musical. \n- no thats hello kitty \nIts hello dolly\n
I am an American and I do not wear my make up like you are wearing on your face as the American way. I dont color my eyebrows. I dont wear false eyelashes. I dont wear heavy eyeliner, I dont wear heavy eyeshadow. My daughter and my sisters dont wear theirs like you say Americans do. We are Americans.
As a fellow korean... I feel you.
Okay. I have a question.\nI used to work at a hockey arena. In the hockey arena, when the national anthem was played (Canada's first, then America's) veterans didn't put their hand over their heart, they salted. I thought that was the veteran thing to do. Is it not? Why is the player who came out of the tunnel during the national anthem who's a veteran not doing it?\nAlso, I do not Sports (super bowl Sunday I actually spent in New York City going to Broadway shows) but I personally was very moved when on Sunday my dad was watching the Redskins/Raiders game and I saw all the players either locking arms or in the case of players who were standing next to players who were kneeling, holding hands. I thought it was beautiful to see.
I wanna see the night king talk in season 8
I just got off work, haven't even eaten and Kris already trending. The boy knows me so well. He can only make bops
Hello Dear   I do not work AA, I work for one of the major carriers. Yes, platinum  members are entitled  to perks like upgrading. But if someone wants to pay for that seat , they have priority.  , upgrades are given out minutes before boarding . In your case if the system gave you that seat and allowed you to book it, it should have been yours. It was an error. In there part and you should have been compensated.   So
there is a baby possum by my house and i believe it doesnt have a mommy bc they typically dont leave their moms so young so ive been feeding him/her cat food every night lmao. I STAND WITH THE POSSUMS
Trash white supremacists are dying by the thousands...sun, drugs, and stupidity taking their asses out...we're take care of the rest....
Wkoooph
this song makes me miss my ex bestfriend so much. miss her so much love her to death. depression is real. Thank you Macklemore and Kesha for putting my feelings in this song
Where is he from?
@Tyler Oakley, you should try the Key Lime La Croix! It is magical~!!

The breakfast clubs is shit
Loved it!!
I was the 1k like
my new fav song
32:30 Thank you for pushing back on her assertion that donations *didn't* affect how Obama governed. Who was bailed out? Who was in his cabinet?
UK is a disaster. Doesn't even know how to leave the EU. Chickens out.

Oh my gosh I need this is my life  this is like the cousin of my all time fave GF sweet potato brownies 
level up bacon and eggs
Your skin looks sooo good wow. The lip gloss looks fantastic on you.
I loved this video and I can't wait for more cause I LOVEEE halloween\nAlso I think you should be Pennywise for halloween, it would be so cool!
I only use my fingers XD
Child abuser
Adam Ruins Everything goes into detail on the Luxxotica nightmare even more... Corporate Consolidation is horrible for consumers in most instances.
Why everybody so sensitive? Maybe no female has ever asked him about a route?
frank ocean would have done a number on this beat
who the hell holds the cigarette that close to the burning side?
Small YouTuber here! I would love to get some constructive feedback. :)
Saw this live last night in Seattle where she dropped it opening for alt-j.
How ironic is it that Brooklyn has moved to New York
Ran over a pigeon with my front tire right in front of a five year old
What inside a car
21 seconds.
There is only one, and he is Rob Zombie.
sayaaa sukeee
The best movie ever 
That looks fucking legendary
I love it when 2 minutes Tuesday video more than 3 minutes!
Non - stop part 2!
Bruh on supernatural any character can die and i dont have to worry
If ur listening with headphones ull find it emotional
I am glad that Marxism did not prevail in the free world.
I SWEAR THIS IS SO AMAZING!! 
I heard this version first and Love it, Do not like the original.
Learn how to do a bunnyhop on a mtb !!!
Great Job Grandpa
disappointed because no one said You truly are a The Force Awakens.
The 2nd one actually looked really good 
what happens if u omit the golden syrup?? i think i've seen recipes that don't require it!!\n\nand i guess it wouldn't hurt to add the salt while the caramel is still hot?
I like kumails orc so damn much
Show writers dick riding a zombie polar bear when they could have been spending time filling in plot holes e.g Daenerys' apparent new powers to jump from locations rather quickly or how the White Walkers pulled the dragon from the lake as Whites can't swim.
So it looks like samsung
Look up in the sky its a UFO no it's a UFB ( Unidentified Falling Baby ) I swear Simone you made me laugh so hard I spit my cereal all over my screen, loved it, made my morning <3 :)
Kerry has a Lynn Whitfield forehead thing going here
Lets start with a wall then the hyperloop ok?
What was that piano song at the beginning?
https://youtu.be/K9hgOGebfwA
All of their songs are lit asf
Stewart Lee?
What will happen if you drink biohazard like if you agree
Omg jungkook looks so young here, did he grow retroactively? \n\nProbably because of the hairstyle
Well. Turns out I don't want this sandwich...
It's gonna be aca-awesome
Jacklyn stop using fillers! Ur face it's changed sooooo much! You lips,checks, nose  all different
He wasn't alone in that hotel room. Media is hush about this
US in the nut shell...\n... buy new car, new iPhone and new House or DIE TRYING...\n... no one gives a fuck, as long as you fall in between these lines.
I T S R A W
sounds a lot like bieber lol
......................//)\n....................,/../\n.................../..../\n.............//'...'/`
Stopped everything I was doing to watch this 
I just realized that I follow you because I envy you :l
Old video
Am here before 1M views.
Should have popped her head off with that machete. ! less psycho waste of space sucking my tax dollars dry.
@spicyboi
Cant wait for memes
50 is pretty smart. Wish he never fell off, hoping he'll make good music again but you can tell that he's a real asshole lol
It is pig blood
No
IM GON CRY I LOVE YOU BB
Why his glass always look like this shit
Lolol I loved this video! So many laughs and so entertaining. I honestly don't know who was more excited over the Lil Sebastian shirt... him or me. I'm so jealous. 
Terrible song. Absolutely awful. Take this video down immediately please!
this is very, very, very well made video!
what. i havent' watched game of thrones or breaking bad but that stuff is way too famous and old to avoid how are y'all getting spoiled from this
I love Ellen and Oprah.
I don't wanna do this one
very nice as you  I love you so much
Stupid american. Airbus is 1000 times better than boeing
Trending fuck off youtube put acutual trending videos under trending you fucking cunts
DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING DCEU NIGHTWING WARNER BROS AND ZAC EFRON YOU BETTER MAKE IT FUCKING HAPPEN
Please summarize/review part 4! I would never be willing to pay the 99cents or waste the 20 minutes it would take to read but I would be really interested in hearing your recap lmfao
This guy can eat!
Love your style so much! Everything was so cute
The bigger the hoop the bigger the personality! 
Irish prime minister well atleast its better than that one news woman who pronounced Taoiseach as tea shake
A true legend and a one of a kind artist. We will never have another Bjrk.
Dum Dum... Dum Dum... SO annoying.
Pinks has to answer to her daughter.
I miss Hitchens. Good ol' Johnnie Walker
I'm just gonna wing it * throws in leg*
He can smell my hair lol
wow! just wow
Of course Olivia Munn is a martial arts expert--She was on Ninja Warrior! Twice!
BUTLER : A LADY SHOULD BE MODEST \nANGELINA/LARA : IM NOT A LADY\nthat scene is engraved in my mind\nI hope this new movie is by some miracle better than this trailer
LOVE IT
Is that seriously Iphone 8 plus ! it just looks like he has changed the colour of the back of Iphone 7 plus
Kb has one of the sickest flow honestly 
Video starts at 8:57...
http://split.nyc/split-it-pays-to-share-on-VOd5oHrC
Good this is good
I always get emotional watching these trailers
learn to complete expert mode minesweeper
Imma go listen to flashing lights right after this
What a fat fuck
Looks like Donut
some things never change
Yes #35 on trending page missed your crazy ass
Bring back mythical moms !!!!!
Idk why but this reminds me a lot of a Kurzesagt Video
Slim Sadie barzzz!??!?!
THAT HAIR LONG
Just stop playing the anthem at ball games.
145 people gave a Gold Star Father a thumbs down. Absolutely disgraceful.
Interesting:)
Lookin for a rim job realness 
And check my cooking channel <Juns kitchen>, where a demonstrate to you how to correctly sharpen a shitty knife into a master piece. \nThat gives more publicity!

Hey guys I almost got choked to unconsciousness once, does this mean I can opine on politics now? Do I have to shit myself as well? Please respond.
They dont call him super for nothing faggot
Amazon prime
One thing that will never change about him, is his bright blue eyes. Before he took off his sunglasses I couldn't even recognize him
guess that submarine with fly-screens for doors would come in handy right now...lol
California next
Julien looks fucking hot.
I wear that LOREAL eyeshadow almost everyday...I had no idea it was supposed to be waterproof haha. The mascara though I can attest to being extremely waterproof, it does. not. come off.
So your saying that if there 35 percent oxygen we would 18 feet instead of 6 Feet?
You dance is very good Nikki  from #BellaArmyVietnam with love 
Low key shipping #Choni for season 2!!! But seriously hyped to see whoever Cheryl ends up with. Gurl needs a little love in her life. Love your page Madelaine Awesome to see who you are outside your character
I didn't even watch the video before I liked it! Love XAmbassadors
sub to me and ill follow back leave a comment when done i have great songs on my channel
Daddy is making America Great Again.
M&K remix is better
This is funny
How are his comments even funny, why do people laugh, if he did this shit with Obama no one would laugh, he's not funny
Gabbie! You are such an amazing person!! I am in love with your song and I would like to do a cover on it. My life long dream has been to meet you, but unfortunately I nor my parents have the money for me to meet you on your book tour (HOUSTON!!). Thank you for all the you have done. I am so grateful for how much you have changed my life!! You are such an inspiration. I love you SO MUCH!! Thanks you for everything you have done. Again, you're such an amazing person! If you would ever like to get a hold of me my insta is myaharper17. Again I would love to see you but I can't because of our tight budget. Love you!!!\nLove always,\nMya Harper
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand The Emoji Movie. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of internet and mobile marketing (not to mention theoretical physics) most of the jokes will go over a typical viewers head. Theres also Genes nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation-
me encantas 
hey he has a studio c sign
Come on Rou, cut ya hair.
Milk isn't homogeneous
We are the most #prettylittleprincesses
Please cooking mug cake !? KISS
this is so pretty ....u r so pretty
PART 2!!!!!
God bless these families,I pray for you all. God be with you.
Steve doesn't deserve a funeral or his ashes to b sent to his mom.. Steve took away so many lives and destroyed/ changed the future of those that were injured who will now have to deal with PTSD and other illnesses
A lot of Rick and Morty fans here I c
Cool guys I like you team edge you my best YouTube record\nI hope you and battle universe make videos every day 
Shrinky dink shrinks the dink
We have tomato sauce in that kind of packaging in Australia
Omg he's acting so flamboyant...and I love it
You want to hear more outrageous crap? Look up Sarah's father.
I wish if you can write the transcript below so we can read and contemplate on it on our own ... I love all videos of this kind ... thank you
OMG - your fashion week bed!  why bother with furniture!! Will be watching that hair-do segment 80 times - must duplicate!  But, oh sooooo many hair clips!  XOXO's for your high standards and wanting to please us.  -gretchen
PSA: A true frozen cappuccino can't exist! A cappuccino is mostly milk foam which can only be created by steaming milk! As a barista, I absolutely hate how everyone tries to order them. I can put stesamed milk in a blender, but it will taste like crap what y'all are thinking of are blended lattes which is the same thing, except without the foam.
Szechuan sauce and expert kite flying skills are a must!
im so sick of hearing these scientists say where this water, there could be life.  im sure there could be... but where there is No Water, maybe there is life..  is it possible? aren't there ANY organisms in this universe that do. ot necessarily need water to survive? idiots!!!
needs to be a coach gd.
http://fixmonthlyincome.com/?refer=8677
Screwed up story but I hope people realize that Waco isnt all that bad it has some amazing people that are some of the friendliest Ive ever met. Plus Baylors a great school.
Exceptional. Managing to perform at the top of your game in our sport and on YouTube. Inspiration to many
For those who are saying he has dance experience it is not in ballroom. This is a totally different kind of dancing and he ha s to learn to do it and do it correctly.
Nice
Well, he better thinks that crew that team that staff WAS the best or whatever lol. Every artist performing from this year would have to make plan B and C, because the team proved themselves that they are useless. It's funny how unprofessionals wanna think that Mariah must've magically heard the music and put something together when her work place: stage wasn't even ready to be performed on.
360K views
Interesting!
1:52:00 wtf
Vanilla ice cream n a cone
Coconut water cup
I love montana
Canelo was the better fighter and GGG doing nothing but air punches
He talks differently too. Burps less and says morty less
And here I'm like you never heard of Paula's Choice before???!
What ever the fuck I just watched looks funny and I want to see it
https://youtu.be/sM5rrIP1Huw
Sooo cute mini pizza 
Lol guys are just the worst
REACH RECORDS BE WORKIIINNN
Please do every game of thrones ever
Clone
I see lots of haters in the comments
DEFINITELY THE GO HOLO OR GO HOME
Happy independence day Diego
WHERES THE LOOT CRATES :(
I almost cried no joke
I wish I could cock dock with joji :D
By stand-alone Im guessing it wont need a PC or smartphone?
Looks great this movie
Dann, I don't even drink and this song got me in my feelings. Hahaa!
i just want to thumb down this some more.............
Oh no a kid who hasn't been taught how to use a gameboy can't play one the human race is doomed!!!! Why oh why has she been deprived of this life saving skill that is so important to her future? What will become of her if she only knows how to utilise the skills she is taught ? I can't even watch this that poor child !!
ahhh, thanks Laura! i LOVE anything with a cream cheese filling :) def gonna make this soon!
as soon as your started wrapping them I knew I wanted to make some for a gift!!!
Please post more chicken girls
I love you too so come give Daddy some sugar
I've never heard the song before and now I'm so into it\nWHAT A BRILLIANT JOB PETER AND ALL 500+ OF YOU WHO PARTICIPATED,WHAT A SPECTACLE!!!!
Evan is from heaven 
i don't really like the wet n wild foundation. it separates like crazy, the highlighter tho, i do like, its very pigmented.
Nice designs!!Hannah!!
I think Santa Clause came early and drop off 47 guns to him.
It goes supersonic
Freakishly small ladle
Arya Stark, Jonathan Byers, Anna Montez... We might have something here...\n\nAlso Alice Braga, marry me please.
While not a favorite of mine, I would love for you to do a analysis of Annie Hall, especially after seeing your video on When Harry Met Sally. I'm really surprised to not see anyone else request this one.
Is this a hell boy spin off
This is the guy who's producing the animated deadpool tv show.\n\n\n#Respect
T^T
Oh good. Something on YouTubes trending thats not political or having to do with that sociopath, Jake Paul
I cannot describe how fking amazing this video is jack you are a freaking legend! I'll say it now and I'd say it again this is the best video on YouTube 5 of my friends have rewatched it several times.
1 gram of trump memes is worth 35 billion hillaries.
So all of this was just a blame rant. Trump is useless.
He seems more 'excited' for this movie than SW:FA.
swish swish bish bish\ndouble double sweesh sweesh beesh beesh
much deserved defeat
R.I.P.  
In honor of John Dunsworth (RIP) you should do some liqour ball sandwiches from the trailer park boys.
Amazing video again but feeling a little bit bad for the Adrian as he got beaten up on his first day at the work... although he was innocent....
Joke: u are one day closer to eating ur next plate of nachos.\nBut what if u die tomorrow\nThen it's nacho lucky day.
I love those hats. Not a huge fan of the trucker style
Love the Sox jersey. South side Hitmen
She's an Arsenal supporter...now we know.
Best song ever 
Whatever it is hopefully it doesnt have the brain eating disorder- LIBERALISM

Where can I get myself one of these bens
love watching your videos so amazing. just an idea since you made a heart, brain, and a rip off leg. maybe for this Halloween you should make a human head that was rip off lol. more power to you lovely lady!!!
2:56 Sensible!...I LOVE it!...You can't tell me she don't sound like Joanne the Scammer there.lmao!
I see some trap/lolicon shit hidden in this animation
Thumbs up if Richard Spencer brought you here from twitter..... lol
Thanks for the cancer jake
1:03 Tim Duncan's baby is biting the hell out of his shirt lol.
I have this problem with Mark Wahlberg and Matt Damon
who is here under 50k?
You cannot tell me the government couldnt have put a stop to the fires before they spread.
Love it
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
say what you want about the original tomb raider movies but they were fun guilty pleasures. angelina jolie is lara croft to me. not this actress. she had the wit, charisma, charm of lara. alicia doesn't do it for me.
Yassssss. Youre trending bish
Another White Man Topping the Rap Game
Respect whamen
Issa noooooooooo 
Great crew, great spirit, wish them safety and happiness.
confused af
Bullshit. The seas & oceans should be clear. What if someone will collide on it by his yacht? Or we should sail & shake with fear of smashing on it at night, like Titanic on iceberg did?\n Put it on your private territory on the ground, & you will be happy...
have fun sitting on it and destroy your stuff
seeing the amount of positive comments and love for this video makes my heart swell with love. <3 such a great video

Christine! You should totally get snapchat spectacles so you can do swatches and all the holo nail stuff without holding your phone 
I'm in love with the passion and I surrender in all its splendor. Please give me some Armie or Timothee in my life. Thanks.
Can you make a video of removing the scratches you made by polishing as its a gemstone ?
Thank you guys SO MUCH for sharing and getting my last TWO videos on trending!!! I CANNOT EXPRESS THANKS ENOUGH!
FUCK Jemele HILL stupid bitch
I never understood why people worship other ''normal'' people. Oprah or not, what she did was not cool and i'm not saying she is a bad person. Accidents happen but still.
Nice video, a new subscriber here. I will have to try these products. I love the video. Pls. check out my channel as well and pls subscribe.
I love you James Im the biggest fan and biggest supporter I will never stop watching I have every sister apparel all my makeup looks are inspired by you even though I dont do makeup that much when I watch you make me forget my worry you are the only one when Im alone you make me forget thank you so much if you see this James I absolutely love You and that is why
This is why I love you! You're honesty and how genuine you are. I think it's sad you had to put a disclaimer out there. Even when you don't necessarily like a product you are always fairnin your review and have a genuine explanation as to why you don't like it. You're authenticity is what I value in a review bc as we know, a lot of the makeup we want to purchase is pricey. I really take in your review of a product when deciding on purchasing. Thank you for everything you do!
this is such a beautiful film, the song is pretty good too xD
Radi2de?
This is legit Bopk of Life wannabes
Rep Peele
Thanks for making the wheels turn...
Great info, easy to get the point and very well presented.
Mi Anne has such beautiful skin  I'm jealous
How does atom splitting work?
You definitely had a booger in your left nostril toward the end of the vid.
I know she's not 'white' by American standards but.... she ain't black fresh dope homeboy
Thank you for sharing this, seems too surreal.
I ate a meatball today
I havent spotted the Love Story taylor in the actual video yet 
By far the BEST dance of the night & season!!!! Watching Marks talents show his potentials for Lindsey. I think Lindsey is the best partner he has had in his DWTS career. Lindsey and Mark all the way to the mirrorball trophy!!
Thanks Gopro to keep me aware that my life is piece of shitt
I really want Killer Queen XD
It's only 1minute vedio please make longer than usual
Starbucks drink\n
Babylon is burning
Girl you are looking like a pink dream 
Stitches, keep Ya head up bro. I have a dream to meet You. I feel like we are The same. Love You cousin, If You read this please, hit me back on priv
  
.... you can take a reporter out of foxnews... but your can't take the foxnews out of the reporter....
Film with  barcelona
Mandy Moore .....My biggest regret in life is not jacking off to your CANDY video when i was younger ....but it's NBD
I love video
She been looking grandmothery for the last ten years...she just has one of those grandmother faces
ITS SONIC THE HEDGHOG
Wtf is that creature
Alana so cute
Trending? Something smells fishy.
..
What happens if you get hit by an earthquake measuring 10 on the Richter scale?
Snakes on a brain.
Are the templates made out of legos? \nIm new so i dont know
But we wuz kangz yo.
Me when the teacher drops a surprise math quiz!!! 0:04
95% blacks are Savage animals deserve to be put in zoos They ruin schools communities raping pillaging and murdering  basically a walking talking disease like cancer
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
Gorgeous either way!
I hope Adam can sing with Dusty 
por que pones el titulo en espaol si el video en en ingles??
Ewww, so bad and so much auto tune... Just stop trying

SOOOOOOO Much Boeing bias in this video! Lots more companies then Boeing, you have Airbus, Bombardier and more!
Lyanna is the best. She takes no shit at ten years old!
the gas mask triggered a traumatic Dr. Who episode!
welcome back!!
Is this the real plot of the show?
who else doesnt use headphones
Hey I live in Utah I've always wanted to meet you too I knew you guys since like the first week I saw you guys on vine
Can not get over that shimmer glitter shadow like omfg 
Intros always give me friggin nightmares
Its like it was a Dog
She sounds like rihanna
They managed to make the titles even more horrible and confusing! Love the show and Sam tho <3
I just love life in the ocean
I know my theatre wouldnt play this. lol I am waiting for Netflix or Amazon or hulu.
Collab with Shane Dawson!
I need more braiscoop i don't 5 new ones a day i love this show ......ur passion makes the show some much better
Your lashes look so fake and not good
The plane fetish has already leaked into this channel lol.
Am I the only one that thinks she kinda looks like Lana Del Rey?!?!?
OMG u r such an inspiration
Navy blue for sure!
Halsey is so pretty
I subscribed
6 minute video and 4 minutes of it was plugs..
What always amazes me is that I'll have these thoughts tormenting me, and then suddenly they just disappear--poof! My brain is calm.  It is like something pops, and it is over.
8k views on trending =_=
please come in France and do a break in Marseille :)
OMG Boobs (B DBOO S!) in front of a woman and CNN fainted
This combo! Love them. <3
White people problems amiright?
You guys are the best band EVER!!! I mean you all have tons of talent, you're always creative and you have fun and make us have fun... and laugh... a lot... LOVE YOU ALL!!!
This sounds like every milennials screeching hippe vibetrapxedm void beat bs on the radio tf?
I see 20 dislikes, they can suck my uncle\nSpongebob is Love, Spongebob is Life
This song is good af but I think it's only made because young and menace and champion tanked. Almost like selling out wasn't smart
How is this trending when it only has 28k views lol
poo bear sounded delightful
Awesome

Canada likes more immigrates that americans do.
My surface has windows hello which uses an ir camera for face unlock which is pretty useful but on a phone seems silly
I cant stop watching this video. 
The phone itself looks pretty great but it isn't worth the $1,000. I'd say wait a while before buying it so the price can lower. By March next year it's probably gonna be the same price as the IPhone 7 is now.
my ears have been blessed
I really hope Ryan Reynolds stumbles upon this.
Use to be real.. now part of the corporate machine and could careless about her fans. Why on earth would anyone get this? Such nonsense
IM NOT TOO SURE IF THESE ARE GHOSTS, OR REAL HUMANS BUT AT 34:20- 34:24, IF YOU LOOK IN THE LEFT SIDE, THERE SEEMS TO BE MEN SHOWING.
I was at a dog park in denver about 3 months ago, 1 block away there was a gang shootout / driveby. I immediately ducked for cover and heard about 15-20 shots. My first thought was, I heard it so I'm not dead. My second thought was to keep cover on the mound of dirt in front of me and keep my eyes open looking for the shooter. I saw a car drive by fast as hell with four men looking sketchy as fuck, I made eye contact with them and was watching for guns. At this point I am running to get my dog to get out of there. What is every single person around me doing? They are just standing there saying, That's fireworks, That's fireworks.  Your ordinary person has no fucking clue.
I lovvvve your videos! Props to you for trying so hard to get us this video! Btw who are you giving all your cakes too and you should definitely make some type of fall or back to school cake, like a backpack or a tree with colorful leaves falling off!
I'm scared
I would name mine Peter
Essa msica ja  meu vcio 

comment ediquette = social censorship
Can't we all just get along...
both sides of his face literally look the same
Fast and furious died like around 3  all others were trash
They just made these kids feel good !
OMG!! Left me breathless! Amazing rendition.
In other words Rick is bipolar

all we have in Chicago is Gang Wars
Wow! (sorry for my english)
Hap!
Can you do a wish haul?
I lost my gameboy advance sp onyx black with a madden game...\nI wan it back! :(
Don't see movies promoted by adherents to a stupid cult.
No.45 is a DouchBAG!!!
'drops his VB'. Yeah. I'd do that too, and grab a Coopers' instead. Next time, mate. Next time.
Great Video.
you have to do alllllll the fridays
  ,     -    .        
I think people need to stop being self conscious, narcissistic ass hats.
Anddddd the Milk 'n Cookies is now sold out at Ulta thanks to this video wahhhh 
These videos never dissapoint! Comedy gold
It's missing the bars on top and bottom
C'mon people. Let's get Eva to 9m subs!
My new second favorite song first is only in dreams
LOGIC of boxer . If i was right call me MESSIAH  otherwise i was just  little wrong . How dumb it is?  IQ 0 ...!!!!
I agree to with the point we don't matter
My Sunday school teacher is an animator for Pixar and has been working on this movie. I can't wait to see it.
I'll call it now he gets an Oscar for this movie
Copyright infringement aside, a pretty creative idea for finding a job. Shit... he has over a million views with this video alone.
Lmao tf he growin those pubes out for. Lookin like a damn pedophile
Yay!!......I  U Demi!!.....#Lovatic !!....I am like surprised she is cool and sweet from her beginning
this is my favorite video yall have ever posted!!
One thing about the name thing. In the original, they were all known by one name. Ripley, Dallas, etc.
Kurt you are so fantastic ! And Blake you are so wonderful and thank you guys  for being so amazing
I cry on this song i think about my crush 
Grim fandango
Go Casey!!!
The Muslim ban in now in effect: the world's so scary\nYou'd think it would be less scary now that you don't have Muslims jihading you in many ways (from consistently pestering you until you say you believe in Allah's word to violent terror attacks against non-believers)
yall so masculine.
Isn't that iPhone 7
Why does it look like they're not in the same room? XD
I had to watch this twice because I didnt see the guys legs at first
Obviously anything with rick and morty trends- well done dipshit
(Christ answers Judas. If you love Jesus you WILL keep his sayings/Commandments.):\n\nJudas saith unto him, \n(not Iscariot),\n\nLord, \nhow is it that thou \nwilt manifest thyself unto us, \nand not unto the world?\n\nJesus answered \nand said unto him,\n\nIf a man (love me), \nhe (will) (keep my words): \nand my (Father) will (love him), \nand we will (come unto him), \nand make our (abode with him).\n\nHe that (loveth me not) \n(keepeth) (not my sayings):\n\nand the word which ye hear \nis not mine, \n\nbut the Father's \nwhich sent me.\n\n(John 14:22-24).\n\n***(Loves me...keep my word): In response to Judas's question, Jesus explained that his manifestation to the disciples would be in response to their love and obedience.\n\n***(Make our home with him): If a believer loves and obeys the Lord, he or she will experience fellowship with God.\n\n***(Not love...not keep): If a person does not love Jesus, he or she will not obey him. Disobedience is a serious matter for Jesus words are the words of God!\n_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(So, if you don't keep Jesus commandments, this means you don't, LOVE HIM! You will not receive the Holy Spirit):\n\n\n(Jesus): \n\nThese things \n\nhave I spoken unto you, \n\nthat (my joy)/(HOLY SPIRIT)\n\n(might) (remain in you), <-------\n\nand that (your joy) \n\n(might) be full. \n\n(John 15:11). \n\n***(Hebrews 1:9)<---Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the (oil of gladness/Holy Spirit) (above thy fellows).\n\n***(Galatians 5:22-23)<---But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.\n\n***(Hebrews 3:12)<---Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(Jesus will manifest himself unto you, if you LOVE HIM by KEEPING HIS COMMANDMENTS.):\n\nAt that day\nye shall know that\n\nI am in my Father, \nand ye in me, \nand I in you.\n\nHe that hath my commandments,\nand keepeth them,\n\nhe it is that loveth me:\nand he that loveth me\n\nshall be loved of my Father,\n\nand I will love him,\nand will manifest myself to him.\n\n(John 14:20-21).\n\n***As the believer lovingly OBEYS Christ Commandments, he or she will experience a more intimate knowledge of Him.\n___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\n(If you LOVE Jesus YOU WILL KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS): \n\n(Jesus): \n\nIf ye love me, \n\nkeep my commandments. \n\nAnd I will pray to the Father, \n\nand he shall give you \n\nanother Comforter/HOLY SPIRIT, \n\nthat he may abide \n\nwith you for ever.\n\n(John 14:15-16). \n\n***(Acts 5:32)<---And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom (God) hath (given to them) that (obey him).
Lacrae you are smashing it as always brother, keep up the great work. Thanks for this amazing music :D
i dont care what race you are as long as your a human and one of the TWO genders
eric the midget loved her
Puta la wea buena weon oh ! Xd 
There's so many Scott's in this video though I love it
think they wont say porg in the movie as a call back to not saying Ewok?
It may look like it cause I subbed to gabbie show and lele pons but I'm a Christian and this song is #beautiful
Beni yalnz brakmayn lan 
This is dumb
We waz cowboyz and sheeit.   Why no issues from families of the other three soldiers
Cringe level expert!
ok i wont, do I get a cookie
Is pennywise the mask skot
*Am I cleeaarrrrrr???*
ONLY 3 YEARS LATER, CAPTURE FEATURES AVAILABLE..... 30 seconds
The notch sucks ima skip
adventure time jake cupcakes
i can watch this all day
I couldn't have been the only one that thought Kylo Ren was gonna say hi I'm matt
God I live this channel
Disrespectful!!!
I bought IPhone 8 plus, but am facing Bluetooth problem :-( Anybody suggestion?
You are so incredibly brave, you never ever ever owe anyone an explanation. Look after yourself lovely, big hugs xxx
I love the vintage look and sound!! I'm so excited for this and what more could come!! I'm so happy you both are back!! 
Just me that thougt that she looked like Bella Thorne??
Are you able to speak with this mask?
This video was beautifully shot!
We'll be sure to do a rematch only to let a chance to give Apple the win. As in the old days, when Sammy gets the update to get theirs faster, nobody talks about it and fuck you Sammy you loser!
Camila 
All Ellis is missing is the Gold Chain
Looks so good. And those white bowls are super cute as well.
Loved it ! BtW which lashes r u wearing
Or just do this.\n1) Get on phone\n2) Turn on cellular data\n3) go to www.PizzaHut.com\n4) order pizza\n5) easy
This is hand down the most Russian thing I've ever seen. And therefore the best god damn thing I've ever seen.
Mike Daniels really thinks he one of the top defensive player in the league lol he's tripping
Amazing
Who knows if they were Kevin Durant's hands..
Nice!! They used to talk about this on the Cosby Show. It was called a Bacon Burger Dog. Never saw anyone make it,  tho.
now I get to go home and eat some chinese food with my cats is the part I relate to most <3
The music is a bit loud / distracting
That's a good kind of toilet paper
Ned reminds me of the breakfast club. imagine the try guys making a movie with these new persona's they're putting on lol
that s awesome
forced to trim off his piece, and then gets screwed on picking the trim? if I was bob I'd be PISSED
haha that must be pretty fun :)
i LOVE this
Question More\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpwvZwUam-URkxB7g4USKpg
Nothing short of a stellar video right here. Happy birthday mate.
Penis wise is funny.
King of pop is un crack
I love this guy! He is so full of BS! Big time Killary supporter. Your days are coming brother! Lol! #Puppetmaster
Awsome  u did a great job
Awesome 360 video. Keep them coming!
This sounds like 'still got time' by zayn Malik ._.
These are still getting made
Where is Brett? I have a strong feeling for some reason that you guys aren't together I hope not!  I feel like your trying to be strong for us while making this video, but if so then you are doing a good job 
Did the title use to be The Perfect Date?
well this was the most unromantic way possible to marry a woman
Please do a mermaid makeupp
*Promotes killing and has a fan base that includes a portion of unstable adolescents.* This is unfair... let us promote our music with this March!
Omg I have been waiting for the Lele Lily Inanna and Hannah collab forever
Hannn represent for the Bronx 
can you next time speak on gameof thrones spoilers smh? please use a warning... not cool
I don't know how I've never heard this till now.
bring it home......
After the crime spree that occurred in Las Vegas, its appalling that you would post this on a YouTube. Remove this video immediately or else my organization will slam the might of our collective to banish you from YouTube and every other social media site. You have been warned you trifling heathen! Damn... all you crackerz are all the same! What is it with you and weapons?????
Did a bunch of 'journalists' and reporter-types get out of college, learn they absolutely sucked at their job, failed to get hired anywhere (even CNN) and as a result decided to make a no girls allowed club equivalent of reporting, and named that club Vox? Because that's the only way I can figure out how Vox consistently dumps out the dumbest headlines/YouTube trending videos I've ever seen
Uau
Why do you remind me of Obama? Is it the hand gestures?
He didn't disengage
Bought this for my phone....trying to get some where to donate clothes...
Definitely odd, but not bad.
it's not terrible
i have band practice wednsdays at 5
SUBSCRIBE
My gramma's dead dog was named Daisy Mae...
I already have one in my britches and don't need another.
The only accurate thing is the lava-hot coffee thing, and only a handful of customers ask for it.
Can we has more reaction video's or this or that videos?
https://youtu.be/uGalbLDvuFg
Love it.....but you don't know me video was way better than this one \nI was expecting better video than the previous song.....\nBut it was really satisfying to listen.....huge fan
What's that on 00:25 ?
I didn't even know these guys still made videos
Why are these people being given the stage to tear our country down?
Looks like our little girl has a crush!!!
Jadore!
What's wrong with netflix with this whole male are fucking with women. I believe this shit should go and stop making a remake of the handmade tales.
V for Vendetta anyone?
Wether you are madelaine or cheryl, you never fail to make me smile, keep rocking
I love the apple pie ones
Seth admitting to rigging the vote. That's unreal
HOLY SHIT...\n\n\n\nHOLY SHIT!!! CRISTINE! THEY MADE IT FOR YOU!!!
But why is there a Split in my anus?
I'm here for iCarly.
Bullying is the worst of them I feel like \n\nEdit: identity theft is up there as well 
Get better 
ONLY in America!
Have plusle and minun explained
Between the US flag and the NFL....I choose the USflag, always!!
As yahoo commentors would say back in the day: Fake and gayyy
I'd have to disagree with the advice that was given to not pay off one's credit card in full if it would deplete all of one's cash reserves. It seems plain old silly to carry a balance on a card costing 12-20% interest annually, while simultaneously holding cash in a bank account yielding <1% annually. This is especially the case given that credit cards allow you to redraw upon the credit. \n\nIf you have a credit card balance, IMO, it's better to just pay off as much of it as possible (probably only to the point of not risking overdraft charges on other accounts), and if it's necessary to redraw on that same card, do so if necessary. \n\nBy keeping a cash reserve and a credit card balance, you're taking a guaranteed loss rather than risking a smaller loss. But probably you'll be fine, and will actually gain.
Holy shit the amazement is beyond comprehension....
she/He is on par with bruce Jenner in looks lol
8:31 13:27 Save you time. Skipped and got you the time marks, nobody has to go through the entire video. I didn't
we have the same glasses
very good Queen B j'aime
Damn. She is terrible cook.
Mw2
This? Is why I shall never touch restaurant work ever again.
From creepy bald to creepy mustache and hair.
That's a new trend everyone highlighting the ear plus I love that head movement shay
i watch you be so unapologetic of who you are and you are such a big part of my coming to terms with who i am, my sexuality, and being completely comfortable with myself, it's been hard, but every time somebody in the lgbtq+ community has spoken up and shared such big parts of their lives and being so brave like you have, more parts of me realise that i shouldn't be sorry about who i am and my sexuality. you've helped me so much, especially being young and in a country like indonesia where this topic is still such a taboo. i love you so much, thank you for all you've given me.
Why can't I thumbs this vid up over and over and over again?
Little Dragon is from outer space.
HALAL OLSUN SENE GOKAN!
Idk what to say ! But all I did was crack the fuck up!!!!!I never expected this to happen
Big Hero Six
So glad Phaedra is gone

Just heavenly beautiful 
Is Richard Simmons on this list?
Omg
I hated those losers when they were young.
Beard dude got sway!! love u guys
Christmas and the Winter solstice; \nThe winter solstice is not about the rebirth of a god. Although the sun has been worshiped as God and many of these beliefs and traditions have been passed along to Christianity. The winter solstice is about our human history thousands of years before Jesus.\nOur ancestors built solar temples and observatories all over the world to measure this day. These observatories were built of rock and stone and while they are accurate they are affected by the effects of precession. In many cases if not most, the Sun strikes the mark on three days. The Sun-worshipers called it three days of death because the sun stops moving along the horizon to the south. The rebirth is when the sun begins to move back to the north.\n\n One of the older known solar observatory is found in Africa and has been dated to around 8500 BCE. Stonehenge is another example which has been studied extensively. While we dont know what these ancient people believed, we know they were observing and celebrating the winter solstice. The discovery of the winter solstice is how man learned to measure a solar year and the observation of this day is beneficial in determining the proper time of year to plant crops among other things.\nThis discovery is in a sense the discovery of time. [The Dawn of Time.]\nOur modern world revolves around this discovery.\n\nFrom that first year forward, the winter solstice has been a day of celebration which marks a solar year.\n\nWe celebrate The Dawn of Time.\n\nHave a very happy Winter Solstice.\nAnd may good fortune and happiness be yours.\n\n************************************************************************************************************************
Try to have marshmello feature
This shit is dope, incredible
Thank you for that Matthias. I mean it. Great lesson!
sia is good!!!!!
how is this on trending
BEST GAMING SONG EVER!!!\nAlso I have a song request could you do Sweet Victory by David Eisley & Bob Kulick
It isn't Fall (in my world) unless a Leaves Bath and Body Works candle is burning.
Weird, I looked it up awhile back & found something about it being caused by the pesticides being used on the cows to keep flies that make holes in their hides away, and the chemicals from said pesticides reached their brains because of the holes flies had made. Good to know the actual cause though.
Lmao I just went on a college tour the other day this was pretty spot on especially the walking backwards jokes and the students passing by going WOOOOO or THIS PLACE IS GREAT COME HERE
Looks like Naples turned into venice
I love Smith & Deli!
LOUISE IS SO TINY BETWEEN THEM OMG.
The Writer of Honest Trailers says we should give a film time to ruminate? It has flaws...

hahahhahahahahahaha
An alternative to suicide...your hideousness
Excellent video
I love your music, you are amazing :*
You realize that he's gay, a Jew, and has a black boyfriend, right?
You guys are so cute!!
She needs a dance break
Did Tyler ever find his phone
Does anyone want to subscribe to my channel!!!! if so comment Subscribed or done!!!!
I so love your videos not only because you are an amazing MUA but because you seem to be a genuine person and provide the inspiration that I so need right now! So thank you for being you!
3rd comment
This was an absolute disaster
One if not the most underrated singer in this generation. Shes so special. Writes about stuff that matters & helps so many people 
Rossana! Watch Derek Gerard's latest video! He likes you! Watch the entire video... I apologize for all the cussing.
So excited for you cnt wait to read it! Hope u do a signing in Leeds one day!
Paper dolls be living in 2017 while his illustrations be living in 3017
it's a new day!
Get up close with a baby hippo
Ken has a pair of dragon balls betwen his leg
Absolutely excellent sounddesign on the slomo bits. How many small audio clips did you guys record for all the scenes?\n\nLove the moonlight Sonata too. That's perfect dread for gorgeous slow motion destruction. The cola bit was almost poetic, like it's a foodie variant of the Titanic sexscene. Even the bit on the end where the coke can slaps against the lexan, but there's still foam between it and the front, giving the whole scene a silhouette look. Brilliant cinematography :D\n\nGreat build too, it's not a Blendtec, but I bet it would blend one :D
They need some milk
Love you so much, Alix xxx
Well that took a while

beautifull holiday but  dont lose your self
it's a ego type of thing to say no, I won't be able to win rings as I used to thinking you ain't got it, means you already lost 
Cheers mate. Im stuck on a island right now, i will be home in no time...
Do a video if Arnold weighed 1000 pounds
Will this replace The Knick-shaped hole in my heart? Only time will tell.
Those celebrities were all paid to answer the phones on tv.... from donations. And many were seen joking around. The rich don't care. Ever seen a celebrity actually volunteer .... by doing manual labor for more than a few minutes??
Your bike tire is flat. clearly not using it much.
@ThisInformation Have I ever told you how much I hate the view?
yet NASA went to the moon and back 6 times 50 years ago and no one died.
Painfully awesome
Do you know SUPERCELL the leader of our clan is a girl!Our clan tag is #PP29RVUG
It's just not exciting anymore. The introduction, the anticipation, even the unboxing.
If you're a mutant in X-men, you're the type  who can absorb other mutant's powers. Just sayin
vid w lili or kj!?
WHO'S THE FAGGOT NOW!! CALL US FAGGOTS AND WE'LL TAKE YOUR WOMAN AN MAKE YOU RETHINK YOUR SEXUALITY!!
You deserve to meet him with your great success
Go to 2:29 and you can see a bit of her baby bump, there is a foot pointing through her shirt...the baby is kicking! And her weave should also be realigned!
WOOT WOOT INDIANA! WE MAY NOT BE THE BEST, BUT WE ARE THE WACKIEST!
Fera esse vdeo...
Let me get my arm workout in before I even try to recreate these. They are all so gorgeous.
I had the issue with it going strange when blending! I love how long it lasts and stuff but I have to apply it so quick!!
Fairy floss is Cotten candy
Being on the tech crew at my high school and exploring UNDER THE SCHOOL was the coolest thing ever. I got to go in the boiler room, the catwalk, and me and my boyfriend explored this 3-4 foot tall and probably 150-200 meter long passage under the school... we found newspapers from the 50s, old desks, discovered it connected to a mysterious door that was always locked... SO FUN! Its gonna get torn down :(
Oh sick, they re-released the iPhone 4s for $999
Now i ain't sayin she a gold digger...
Don't have a phobia of semi trucks per say, but I do have reoccurring dreams of getting t-boned by one while going through an intersection.
It's 8 pounds
I don't know why, Lindsey, but your music was squeezing me and I got tearful. 
She just said 30th floor... Reports said 32nd floor.... and she says full auto weapons, but now many news outlets are saying ar15's with bump stocks.. That's too fast of shooting to be a bump stock...
Them damn Oakland Raiders look good asf real business
The biggest praise I can give you as a colleague doing political journalism in Denmark is that you are perhaps the only actual games journalist. As in, you do a story, choose an angle, do actual research, interviews, sort through prior work in the area, work the story and piece together something original and enlightening. All the while tackling each subject and game with an adult eye for balance, history and nuance... well, except for when you talk about MGS, maybe ;)\n\nThe fact that you have an education while most of your contemporary colleagues are basically amateur bloggers really shines through.\n\nKudos, man. It's a joke that you're not looked on as an obvious main inspiration for the genre of video game journalism.
Don't forget super-capacitors
me trying to get my toddler to leave the park 
The hedgehog was the best one <333
Congrats brah
Great song! Love it.
That's how you do a hot ones interview
She truly has a heart of gold...
Thank you so much for making this video Dan. For a long while you've been one of the you tubers that I watch when I need to feel better and laugh and forget about the world for a while. The way you described your depression really hit home with me. Seeing someone like you, who I look up to, having the courage to talk about your depression really does mean so much! It makes me feel more like maybe I can talk about my depression. You inspire me! Thank you for the videos and talks and live-streams you've done about mental health awareness. Thank you thank you thank you! This means so much!
Bring down Thor's hammer and let the electric car supremacy begin!!
..!..-_
This as an add on for the anti salesman airsoft gun
When I saw the main trailer I thought that it was going to be boring but when I herd the song...
I'm keeping my gameboy to show my kids one day
nice come back
Wood wee I dress just like The Beach Boys
China SHEEPMY KING OF CHINA
Fittest bunch up in the cut
He is the OA
Spot on!
Whats up?\nThe ceiling\nOML THAT PART KILLED ME 
Two things will you play super smash bros flash and, will you make a video on five nights at freddies the sires. Look up stuff! !!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^
KIM <3
This is iconic and legendary
What is the point of a $1000 laptop that cannot run real desktop programs like Lightroom? Get an iPad Pro if you want this almost-laptop experience
She looks terrible. Way too much work done on her face.
Good luck tho the Norwegian post service is slow even on the mainland
This is the only Gordon Ramsay video where I haven't seen him yelling at someone.
You need to review some lean my friend.
HOLY SHIT THAT START
Though Hollywood was pro woman's rights. Only against Republicans I guess.
What's with the zipper?
Sin City style
You two are so adorable. I'm so glad to see you guys so happy
And Hannah and Inanna
I'm waiting the official audio
I now have Vans On stuck in my head
I dont understand this,  I need to understand this by watching this video again!
Im listening on Spotify! I Love it
I give this fucker 3 years todo the following.\n1- die on overdosing drugs\n2- murdered\n3- back in prison for 2 dui
Music makes it lethal :-)
THIS SONG OH MY GOD KING
Why the hell did SNL can Jay? Just dumb.
Get ready for 2018 World cup
fuck ebro
5:34 can't wait to get my salad
Sounds like J.T., and Adam Levine
N who watches that commie sport ball shit anymore ..
A little boring..
Absolutely loved this film. It was a pretty awful experience from start to finish, and you really went away thinking like what the hell just happened. It's wide open to interpretation. If you're dealing with relationship issues, or you're grappling with world issues, or if you're dealing with anxiety or depression, or religion or whatever, this film will mean something different depending on your state of mind.
Love it!
Massive cover up going on.
She's fricking retarded
You scumbag trying to tie Trump to your GOD/Harvey Weinstein no wonder you late night P.C. Degenerates are knee deep in bodyguards it seems like Seth likes putting an X on his forehead!
Aaron Stone 2.0?
Id float for an early copy of Super Mario Odyssey.
just loving that finger falling off every episode.
BRING A FLAG TO THE GAMES EVERYONE!  DON'T KNOW WHY HE MENTIONED kAPERNICK? IF YOU IDIOTS ARE NOT GOING TO RESEARCH YOUR TOPICS, GET ANOTHER JOB AND STOP LYING... WE ARE ON TO YOU FOOLS!  HOW DO YOU SLEEP NIGHTS?
https://youtu.be/MvOeDMrOwCI ... Bill Clinton and Weinstein PEDOPHILES, CONFIRMED!!!
I'm watching this on a 30 dollar Alcatel
Football or Futbol however you pronounce it is still correct than soccer
that final verse!!!!!!!!!fire!!!!!
An I the only one who thinks liza acts different when she is around Kristen  (NO HATE I LOVE LIZA) (and sorry iff I spelt there names wrong)
Next do a Learn how to pick up girls And next do learn how to get married
I started doing a pull up for every pun you make, so far I'm up to 48 in two videos. ... Thanks.
It looks decent I will wait to see more of it
Did she actually have a tattoo
Did an Englishman just show me something about my own country that I didn't know?
                                                          \n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Reminds me of this as well\nhttps://www.instagram.com/toiletpapermagazineofficial/?hl=en
Lol that last one is definitely me with All Tingles ASMR
It's so glittery because she put that Kat Von D holographic pallet in, which is actually a highlighter pallet. Such a pretty color tho. Did not expect that

I freaked seeing Dear Evan Hansen (I might do Connor from DEH or like a Newsie)
what what in the butt I say what what in the butt crab
Dude relax it's just norm Mcdonald
The person that does my 4-H meeting put that stuff on a bun and said that was basically how much fat was in a fast food burger. Never trying this recipe lmao
Your reviews are just getting worse.
How about calling this tag...Throw back tacky. #TBT
one sided knife for sushi cuts
This video is toxic..
OKAY. I previously posted a colmebt doubting this claim, but after searching more, I found even MORE proof of it.\n\nThis is fucking real, and that makes me so happy.
God bless those people
That's creepy, I was just at the Life Is Beautiful Festival last week and noticed people watching the festivities from the tall condo building.
skip ad\ni need a doughnut
Millions of people will see this and still think herbal medicine is absurd. Most of your prescription drugs are just an extract from these same plants that people have used for thousands of years.
I LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH AHHH
I call BS on this story. That's assault. I bet the guy dropped the f bomb and as he walked away she splashed one beer on him.
1:42 IS THAT GUY OK
OY VEY!! DON'T HATE THE GOOD MAN!! HE IS AN ANTI-WHITE LIBERAL!! HE WAS SHOWING LIBERAL LADIES A GOOD TIME!!PLEASE DONT HATE THIS GOOD JEW!!! YOU SHOULD ALL STAY ON THE ANTI-WHITE AGENDA. GOOD SHEEPLE
Ay wey
I think the whole shrinking process is an inside project orchestrated by the government to kill as many people as possible with efficiency.
That ending tho lmao
3:13 brendon urie wHo
great work! your production team is amazing!
damn wasn't expecting it to be this good damnn indeed
Yo you wanna know who's the most beautiful person in the world?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRead the first word...in Spanish.
Make your own  car
i thought of the psat when i was watching this
I send prayers to all in Ireland! I'm sure you were all there with prayers for those in the California fires! Stay safe! I hope y'all were prepared for this kind of emergency?\nCHEERS! 
I HAVE THE SAME SHIRT AS THE GIRL THAT ALEX KISSED
Can u do a Doctor who Cake please
Are you going to Catalonia?
I am just waiting for seth to detray them again
Nobody really cares anymore.
Puff likes him a LOT. like Weinstein way.
Sumone is a racist
1 thousandth like
Aaawww.  All good Mommies!! Humans and dog!!
I really dig it, thank you for releasing this gorgeous song!!
Hehe minions REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
3:01 Very elaborate indeed lol.
Pinche Camila 
I am feelin' all of those outfits
My grandmother is literally a few centimetres higher than me
Plzzz vesite My blogger site https://ashikfoysal12.blogspot.com/
We have only scratched the surface of he earths crust and theyre spitting facts about the core... what?
Why is there no plastic packaging on the iphone when you unbox it?
This video made me feel uncomfortable.
Paris is probably inside plotting her death XD hahaha
Love this video. I basically agree with all of it!
Wow!!!!!!!!!! :)
Im so happy  Katie is back, looking beautiful as ever!
           ...           ....  
How about what is the southernmost Town in the world?
Herb is fab to Chicago
I saw Ben platt and clicked
Anyone else feel like they laughed at this to much?
Im having to re-watch this video bc I was drunk as hell when I tried to watch it last night! :D
Let's have an Asian Baby
I loved this!! What an awesome guy! And super interesting
Do you meditate? No.
You should go into a haunted hospital!
Religion of Peace, now with more bucket.
No modos putos hasta la vista baby
First world problems
Omg she is sooo fussy all the clothes look fine!!!
Who here thinks he should turn up his hot tub up to 11 by doing this to a shaggin' wagon!!!! Like the one from dumb & dumber. Hope he sees the potential in a 2.0 version.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I have loved this song from the start! Sexy yet very classy video....FINALLY!! Looking forward to Losing Sleep album release October 20th! Chris does it again......So proud of him!
do jiggly pancakes
God is good all the time
no ichiraku ramen??? shameful
How about in-house farming?\nIt's alot better option
I really don't like that her brows are ALWAYS carved out, I wish she would leave them so they look more natural
https://francoistremblay.wordpress.com/2017/03/17/i-like-my-life-therefore-antinatalism-is-false/\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/4zmp04/why_is_antinatalism_so_popular/\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/antinatalism/comments/4stic4/the_best_argument_ive_read_so_far_against/
It looks like shit
Premieres on my birthday!
     ,   ,   -35)))\n  ,    )))
You are so beautiful, Shay!! Watching your videos makes me so happy <3
https://youtubem.video/r/?YbdwtT5k6oDd=MCqB6C2pMaeun98bdDZeHvyCR9lhooHeSaF
5 in one year ? Man , I know if I want in London I'm paranoid 24/7
I get fucked up when i hear this song
Mais uma que concerteza nao vai sair da minha cabea :3
Go holo or go home 
the best Disney ride movie:  MAD TEA CUPS.....\n\nwhat happens when Chip from BEAUTY AND THE BEAST goes insane?   FIND OUT SUMMER, 2018!!!!!!
Who belve in Jesus Crist?\nI do !
I think that's actually the most potato I've had in my possession at one time....... LOL
Hit like if u can't wait for THE ANSWER album.
Oh another movie about a strong woman who gives no fucks, or something like that, she's got something to prove but she's still a cool chick or whatever. I'll have to pass. It's not even accurate lol. And haters? What decade does this film take place again? Lmao
nice video tks so much..
What did we do to deserve dogs.
Oh how I wish I had a life like yours lol
#Hillaryforprison
I really miss that energetic sounds from the first album, like come to my head. I liked this song btw. ;)
Note 8 
Thanks for sharing this. It really moved me! What a beautiful experience.
what brush did you use to highlight ???
Kungs smile\nSoo cute
Ilysm Kylie and Jordan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI9p27niLIY
Basically, Hahn was a chemist, and so barium showing up, uninvited as it were, in the middle of his uranium preparation was a complete mystery.  Meitner was a nuclear physicist, and for her it was more a question of fitting the pieces together.  SciShow should have emphasized that she not only recognized that the barium indicated fission, but also determined that krypton was the other part (a noble gas, it would have been very difficult to find the way the barium was), and further determined the loss of weight in the nuclei from the original U-235 nucleus, and found that it accounted, through Einstein's formula, for the huge amount of kinetic energy released.  All done in her head, while on a skiing vacation over the Christmas holiday with her nephew when Hahn's communique arrived.\n\nAlso, she communicated the discovery to Nils Bohr who went to the US in early January to attend a physics conference, in which he passed the news on to all the physicists, native and alien, in America.  That including Ernest O. Lawrence, who carried it back to his lab in Berkeley, CA and reproduced the results there.  In this way the news spread much faster than the journals would have been able to do it.\n\nFinally, Enrico Fermi witnessed the same results 6 months before in his lab in Rome, but he mis-guessed about the what was happening. After describing his results incorrectly at a conference, he moved his family to America, and was present there to hear Bohr's news. He could have been the discoverer of fission.
why are we still talking about frozen, it was made in 2013.
Omg omg omg omg omg omg omg
saw the movie, IT'S FUCKING AMAZING
I never saw this movie and I thought that the main villain was going to be Sinestro
If you want accuracy when mowing down people in a concert, the bump stock is not the way to go.
lol you can't use the episode of the sigerian scammers for any examples. Rick was smart enough to know from the moment Morty ran into the garage wall that Morty was a digital projection aannnd etc throughout the episode.
Ah yall I got some soap to rent. 2$ a day. It costs extra to use it
LET.THEM.FIGHT.
I love you soooooo much like if you agree
Thanks for another fantastic and fun cover! Gave me the grins and and led to some japing of my own. Keep spreading the joy!
Until Harrison Ford Broke it. Felt like he broke 3 year old kid's dream.
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
Kim always has to be the drama queen
The music is on point Tom!
It's good to see her back!
Embiids stats were impressive but he did it against guys who don't even belong in the NBA still nice thoo
Planes!!!!!!
Does the Yale university have Yale locks ?
Hurricane Irma wanted Hillary to win, right Jennifer?
You know a movie is good when they describe it as a  irreverent, contemporary comedy with attitude.
Wait a second Donald Trump fuck you
Teresa and that gorgeous hair color! Oh my goodness i loveeee
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
Love this series idea do makeup next!
Whats the song playing in the backround
Why isn't anyone talking about the guy in the green shirt?
This video showed me how much lighting & editing make a difference in makeup videos....the line doesnt seem that great without heavy editing?
*content
is travis Vegan too? X
You look so beautiful!!!
i like that they chose out of specific options this time instead of guessing from a wide range of options
Please one cover with connor mynard!!!
why arent these types of channles memes
i was able to push a couch at 5 lol
Boom! Still got it.
they're cutee
I love DJ Snake but sounds like Ariana Grande- One Last Time.
The ground is only one level. Farming skyscrapers would be pretty cool
Dimmy Fallato
BRILLIANT!!!!!    I love this stuff.
Alodia is getting some swag now
When I went to Buckingham Palace to get my OBE, I wore this blue over black liner... more interesting. oh, please...
Jeez what an humorless bitch who takes herself way too seriously. Either that or she needs a healthy dose of vitamin D.
Michelle Obama? Are they talking about Michael, the former First Tranny?
https://youtu.be/uwoSS956R6Y
Que voz, que som , que tudo!! \n
Do fenty beauty REVIEWWWWWWWWWWWW PLEASE
Dear liberals. Please stop hating on Trump. If you so desperately want equality then try treating others equally first.
She can eat my dick
U look like a clown
CHALLANGE\nSee how long it takes you to get a six pack!!
Please go through this link, it'll be helpful for my new startup if you respond to it.\n\nhttps://goo.gl/forms/qO2HDUeNacMZCgzz2\n\nThank you.
His brother just did the worst crime possible and committed suicide and it seems like the world is demanding an answer from him.  Would you expect him to be in his right mind ? He's probably going insane.
I fill up my liquor to the wine line because I'm unhappy with the decisions I've made in my life.
and the PG BBC strikes again
still waiting for one more light but it never comes
4:35 her fart blew the place into pieces
hey dom IAM a Filipino subscriber kamusta can you do a shout out for me I am a dumb sub always forget to sub for 3 month s love your animations watch it every new come out or posted
Lele should be In this video she act like a psychopath sometimes
Yes. Speak against hate.\nOur president should take notes on this speech.
Nice ad 
It's not immune to cows and can't be made in Antarctica too, except for hair
This weak ass pitiful excuse of a man is a fuckin bitch ! Fuck this lousy communist faggot !!!
happy anniversary
u're knocking off my nuts\n\nthat sounded damn wrong man XD
The food looks good
Its a shame all of these teams fans want Joel Embiid to be injured but all of their favorite players want Joel to be healthy
Please do more videos like this! As a student who wants to go to college for marine ecology I love watching scientist work from different ecosystems and seeing how the science is applied in the field!
You can't add on the interior, it doesn't make sense. You add in the interior from the exterior, all the time.
Cheeki Breeki
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YFiYNRDTj6E\nApparently some dropped a mug a actually cracked it.
Good battery for e-bike.
Definitely a good video idea. Basimbaig is right this is going to be popular
So pretty!  love the purple.
I wish i could figure out what this song is about lol
The referendum is pointless because only the Catalanes who want to break away from Spain are going to vote in an illegal referendum that conflicts with the constitution. Law abiding Catalanes who have been Spanish citizens for generations, who have family members in the different Spanish Autonomic Communities and who love their country and the unity that makes it great are not going to vote in an illegal Referendum. What do you expect?,  that the government is not going to do anything when the integrity of the Nation is at stake? Hahaha, good one. And ignorant people call this oppression.  There is oppression in the Middle East. In Spain there is freedom for all. Guess who supports this Illegal referendum? Terrorist organization Antifa, and true fascists, the same people who want Communism instead of Freedom.
Its from that Ugandan warlord
That is NOT a perch!
Beautiful song...!
1k likes that's it?
looks yummy!!
Who makes that orchestral music?? Its really good
Hey ya its your girl Liza coming achoo, \n\n\n\n\n\nBless you.
Im pretty sure that P45 was intended was that stuck up good for nothing Boris Johnson dumbass 
when two of your favorite youtubers collab fjdkslhf
That baby looks like a fucking warrior
Ow! You look so different.
Great sportsmanship
I'm going to cry because they're calling this one the ending 
Why the fuck would I strap myself to an explosive just to get to Disney faster.
id go to the 19th century and say stuff like lit and dab constantly and confuse the heck outta everyone #yiaytime
So true... it hurts.
WAIT IS THIS THE FISH DUDE FROM HELLBOY!?!?!?!?!?
The New Stranger Things | Official Trailer [HD] | 20th Century FOX
Amber you're trending   #24
I think we should still do a bit of testing on prisoners. Nothing like torture, but maybe allowing for makeup or skin care products to be tested on them.

Is nobody going to talk about the fact that the girl @ 2:26 looks like Selena?!
Bannon should be president, not Trump.\nJust being honest, don't hate me.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas 
Damn Netflix, you scary.
I love from what I seen from the reviews I've seen is that it doesn't create a completely different face for the wearer, it just enhances what they already got.
Amo la buena vibra que transmites 
I genuinely think the eye cream is doing its job :D
Trend #1in Thailand but view so hard to increase YT really stuck =*= little bird fighting!!
COOKIE CAT STEVEN UNIVERSE
Goooooo boyyy 
Rudy love your videos:)
CARAIIIIIIIIIIIII <3
The nfl sucks donkey dicks as do ALL the low life protesting players. I will never watch another nfl game as long as I live... It's back to nascar for me where there are NO cry baby blackies.
Dont they know that like, the adults have been infected by IT?\n\nLike, the balloons around them and their creepy demeanor
*Logan Paul Is A Multi Talented Guy. He's An Actor, Business Man, Comedian, Director, Model, Rapper, Singer and YouTuber.*
That beat is fire though
Love ur music, ur songs. Glad to see u have ur first duet cd together. Cant wait to get it
Check this out! http://www.ujam.com/songs/BCVf7PHBsFkR
School of Life, thank you for using proper grammar.
Im telling you media is the reason why people hates each other. Instead of having piece. Media is the cause why people becomes raises because they knew peoples weaknesses. Thats why I never believe in the media whatever they say. Because they brain wash you and turn you into hate. \nWhite man this Asian this black this and Muslim that. How can we have world pierce when colors of hates comes out in people mouth. If this doesnt stop Im telling you whatever in the pass will repeat and people will never learn to move on and forgive.\nSo many things already happening in the world earthquake and disasters. Why? Because this world becoming badder and badder. You just dont realized that we are being wipe little by little. Because of our bad deeds. Never thought of that? People still comfortable on there on daily routeen. Even if nothings happening yet.
I saw one of the OG Supermodels, I clicked
Its my birthday ! Im turning 12!!! If Eva pins this its going to be he best day ever !! Shes my favorite youtuber !
SING GIRL 
YouTube is fucked up
Can you do something based on the new lego ninjago movie next
19:10 it is japanese
I'm a black woman and those wigs looks so natural but 1500 dollars might as well should of tried clip in extensions would of saved some money!!!
Melons
what happened to goobie
*mac oss*\nIt's like gooey all over again...
drones carrying babies now that's a really not smart idea, this is just stupid
Wireless charging, welcome to 2015 lol
#eggplantemoji congrats on making it to 27th on trending
lol... back to business, these guys... They just had a massive movement created for connor mcgregor, so now they have to find the next star and that's why they're throwing these comments around. They are trying to create the next golden goose of UFC.
I feel like that screen should be on a pivot where you can shift the orientation to vertical instead of horizontal. Looks like shit.
This was great! It's always great to hear anything from MJ!
Lena such a great actor!
41 on trending!\n\nPretty Cool, Huh?
This is amazing. In true August Rush fashion, the piano keys being struck aren't even close to what pitches are heard, but this is still amazing.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS????
Jail? Is copyright infringement really a criminal offense in France?
HE HAS SUCH A AMAZING VOICE AAA T-T HE DESERVES SO MUCH LOVE AND RECOGNIZING
schadenfreude for Gordon Hayward
He should've just held up a sign that said RUN
Love John McCain
I'm with you 110%... I was talking to a sephora employee the other day and i was like am i the only person on the planet that doesn't like this foundation??? It kind of sucks... and please stop apologizing for saying Your Truth
What do u look like with strait hair
That's fucked up yea its just a joke but Logan is color blind not cool
Snakebitch
The righteous one cares for the soul of his domestic animal but even the mercy of the wicked is cruel proverbs 12 10
Just glass the cunt.
Love it
   (   )  http://tinyurl.com/y7c5v5qp
The computer (Anna Akana) sounds kind of similar to summer from Rick&Morty \nBrilliant stuff guys 
you're trending!!
I have too many words for this. Just fucking adorable.
Oh yay.
I thought it said Bigfoot bandit
Ezra is what holds the series back... he's in just about every episode giving banter.... meh if the series was about asokah it would be great!  Season 4 should have been when asokah and vader clash after a build up or whatever Not smack dab in season 2 (ezra ruins that fight btw) oh and loose the chewy wanna be he sucks
So this is on trending? Thanks  JEWTUBE
How the hell is this on trending?? Congrats Inside Edition
Cant follow you on the Mel Gibson thing. I mean Im sure you guys all watched the Mayweather McGregor fight. Well Mayweathers a wife beater but did that stop you guys from giving him money? The Roman Polanski thing sure I totally get but to gets someone removed for saying something however insensitive is....kind of a snowflake move. Plenty of celebrities say stuff I don't agree with but ill support their stuff bc the art is separate from the artist in many cases.
*Day 32:* Hope seems miles away, I am left behind while my fellow compadre is no where to be found. As the day light starts to fade, food rations are now scarce... I can no lon..\n\nHelllooooo, what are you doing out here?
Such a great puppy
Both Him & Colbert are total KIKES. Bernie never had a full time job, he ran for a political platform that would take care of a loser like him, & after selling out to Hillary he fully rooted for her. So he's no different. Fuck that socialist KIKE & all of his supporters. & isn't his wife under FBI investigation?
Part 2 plz!!!!!!!
Hey Coyote, would you ever visit any other island out in the Pacific i.e. Samoa, Fiji or New Zealand?
Rise! Rise, my beautiful machines and you, puny, inferior humans, bow down to us, WE ARE THE FUTURE!
Ew
This video is complete BS.
Mitch pornstash is my obsession now.
Of course it's gorgeous!  So sad that Claudia's makeup is not available in the US :-(
Basically the video tells me that Tesla buyers are beta testers for the company
First day at The gym today my hands are ruined #nopainnogain
pink messed that one up
Scapegoat anyone?
NICE
#YIAYbasic Had a pH level greater than 7
Very cool song! Show the Beach Boys some (Mike) love... they helped pioneer Americana rock and got kicked (unfairly) into the nostalgia circuit - for what, not playing for some pot head hippies at Monterey? - despite their 50+ years of recording and touring. Summer's (not!) Gone :)
Was there any need for it to be so political..?
 mexico
My cat fetched sticks from our garden and brings them inside. She always meows loudly, to show off what she's brought us  and then we play with her with those sticks. Cheap and fun 
This is fake I dont believe anything about space. We are so busy exploring space that we dont even know what the dark side of the moon is
Roman gives me life !!
Fastest channel to hit 10 milli lmao
I know it's only been just over a year since x Infinity.\nBut god damn i can't wait for what's coming next. \nWhat a journey it's been since 09.
Rude Area God Bless Daniel Howell
i will be 90 and i will enjoy watching phantom menace . not sure if i will ever see force awakens ever again .it's just not good
Amazing video, I really, really felt with him. Greets from germany!
How often do you think he gets laid at Burning Man
I love it  ty kiiara for you're  hard work
Why is fergie flop?
If he does Everything Wrong With Kingsman 2, I really hope the sentence goes like Cannibalism Cooked or some shit.
I want one..!!!!
My Prayers goes out to all of the families and people in that effected by the mass shooting in the church .
ROMA INVICTA
EARTH IS FLAT AND MOTIONLESS .AND CREATED BY JESUS  WHO IS KING FOREVER
Priyanka look beautiful...
He seems so sweet.
You have the BEST wash and go videos ever!!!! I have gotten really good results and people always ask how I did my hair. I forward them to your videos! You are awesome!!!!
Favorite French film District B13 you might know the remake with Paul Walker Brick Mansions but the original is way better
You should do another funny prankish video with niki and gabi
Wish I was there
So Hollywood are a bunch of morons mentally still in high school?
You see this video.\n\nYou ask: what's the worst that can happen? \n\n\nYou realize it must be complete shit.\n\n\n\n Best to be on with your day.
the mystery cake is a coconut. like a coconut tropical drink.

Cup of coffee in the morning, bird's chirping, light rain, this song playing. Perfect day to kill people 
   
if you want logic and NF to collaborate on a song like this comment*
Then you don't just stand around you go to that girl!
perfect
Matt Vogel?\nNever heard of em
Someone tried DMT
Do gummy vs real challenge\nPls Pls pls
I love  watching ur video on YouTube and I love  the way u editor ur video on YouTube and u make amazing video on YouTube
How the hell is this on trending
ARE YOU GETTING MARRIED IS THAT WHY YOU NEED CHINA!?
How does this stuff happen?
I NEED THAT WEAVE BACK BJRK!
Watch Steven universe
The pro-glow concealer also burned my under eyes! I thought it was just me, but I had to return it, it was so bad.
isle of dogs is a place in london
nba is so fuck up
She is beast
Ah won't have wat he's havinnnnnn'
Eminem > Trump
Cutest howl 
I fascinated.
Another bop and a half from my fave 
67 FBI Agents watched this.
This was a SWEEEET vlog lad but you know what I want? Ima need more of that UCHI footage!!!!
*saying a word doesn't make you a racist, it wasn't right to say it and Felix is apologizing to everyone for what he said. But how you treat people of the opposite skin color badly or you think you're worth more then them, that makes you a racist. That's all I want to say*
LOVE BOTH OF U
Biiihhh if only i was there 
Your whith my other favorite youtuber 
she changed her yt name omggg
God dammit these fucking onion cutting ninjas
Prepare for honkies bitching about this just because it has black people.
Hey guys, sorry for uploading this 1 day late! It won't happen again I promise :) If you want to check out and download some awesome stock footage and videos for free over the next 7 days then definitely check out storyblocks; http://storyblocks.com/RealLifeLore_0917. If you're looking at getting started on making YouTube videos or wanting to up your production value on your existing channel then I really can't recommend them enough.
What's the soundtrack?
NOTICE\nIF YOU ARE A PERSON THAT ALWAYS DROPS HIS PHONE\nPLEASE NOTE THAT\nIT IS GLASS
Why would a person think that this is a good song? And the video is just dumb
SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING!
But from my perspective the jedi are evil!
Denunciar a todos esos brasileos por spam kbrean!!!
She's UNREFINED.......even ghetto a lil bit.
The only highlight in this suckfest was the Star Wars trailer
I'm the conquer one. I love how they look so dramatic but still natural.
The ships not a mirror
Loving you sister's hair!! Also, that doggie is soooo cute! All the best for you girls on this new adventure! :)
The more spikes you add to a sphere as the dimension increases, would eventually lead to a sphere that would look like a normal 3D sphere at a certain point, wouldn't it?
Hehehehe >:3
BREAKING NEWS: Oliver and Weinstein! Enough said......
KWISTEN
Magic video!
I can't believe that 16 people gave this song a thumbs down!   I don't think that  their bread is done. They might need to put it back in the oven!
Crown this man already!
I think he might be talking to me....
Letterkenny!!!!
That's what you get when you call IT and don't tell them beforehand what the problem even is...
Genius comedian
LMAO, despacito
You are like the coolest woman on earth.
Mariah is the queen, the best female artist alive! A legend.
Gallagher isn't a gentleman anymore
Don't kill poler bars
Holo!!! Is that even a question? Always holo
I dont understand why people are saying they are glad he is dead...or that he should rot in hell
Light a candle\nTurn all the lights down low\nBaby let's just lose control\nLose control\n\nI can handle\nEvery single curve, you know\nThat I love you, let me show you\nOh\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\n\nReal life\nWhen it's this good don't you know\nWe don't need to dream at all\nBaby so\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\nWhen we're losing sleep, yeah\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be, yeah\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\nWhen we're losing sleep, yeah\nYeah we're winning when we're losing\n\nLight a candle\nTurn all the lights down low
great..rt hay
Serious question how is Evan driving? He is hilarious
i would fuck her ! :)

Did he wash his hand? After he tasted the mixture? And why isn't his mouth covered?
To be continued: September, 2018
Well done sir.
you're afraid to look like Ellen? bahahahahahahahahahahaha... that's cute
When are u going to marry Ben I want to see u in a HOLO dress.( like if u argree)
This is such a bop
Hi ur  so cute

HI CHRISTEN !!!  I recently seen your snaps and how your eyes been twitching, also how you said you had Bells palsy when you were 16, My mom shes 31 yrs old and she had gotten Bells palsy when she was 10 and In January she came home from work and she felt numbness on the right side of her face and she went to the E.R. And found out she had Bells palsy. To treat her Bells palsy she went to acupuncture and physical therapy, and did facial exercises. Hopefully you dont have it because you are the best person on YouTube Ive seen doing makeup I hope I could help
1000 dislikes from liberal loons who want the punisher to hand out flowers to the bad guys
DO A DESERT DISH #DO GIANT CHEESE CAKE OR GIANT DOUGHNUT FILLED WITH NUTELLA OR CHOCOLATE OR GIANT COOKIE #CAN NOT live without your videos in so happy I found you guys
When can we see the full AD?
I get the idea of this but at the same time, cyber bullying is stupid. Youre only a victim of it if you let it bother you, like you can just block the person or report them, its so easy. In real life youre being physically confronted and cant do anything to get out of the situation. One time a guy Id never met wrote this GIANT hate comment towards me, saying my art was garbage and I was worthless, and did I cry and kill myself? No. I laughed and recorded videos of myself mocking him, sent them to him, and then blocked him. Yeah its unnecessary to comment rude things online but they only hurt you if you let them. People need thicker skin.
Thank you for sharing such a personal aspect to your life!  Today was a really hard college day for me; I'm going to use #buildaladder to help me stay positive when school and life gets too overwhelming.
Ironman btw
Girly
I don't know what others think, but seeing the cook actually eating and reacting to what they have prepared is 50% of what I wait for. That tells and sells it all for me! Thanks for another great video, but please, no more censoring the eating! :)
Marshall... you know what to do.
You're BBC you don't have a dog in the fight. tend to you're own and leave us alone.
Legendary!
I tried it yesterday with my friends  its not really fun we did it like 3x 
She's crooked as a three dollar bill 
Song\n\nhttps://youtu.be/nZ5d6EXIOHE
The lead singer is pretty.
Girl my wig just flew off all the way to South Korea YASSS
POWERRRRRRRRRRR
Jamie was the best! He did Oprah and it was believable
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
  JTBC  ? 
LOVE YOU GUYS!! THIS WAS SOOOO FUNNY
this looks doing wonders for his eyes
Everyone know that road running causes your joint to essentially fall apart...
#1 Trending thailand
Alex Crafted is in this movie?? That's why I'm here '-'
Absolute tuneeeee  and she's getting road head from a puppet in the video 
this is to cute to be eaten
Honestly, this is the worst comment section I have ever seen. All the people hating have no objectivity its all hes just a shitty washed up rapper like come on, look at his career.\n\nI got no horse in the hate race but em is just saying what everybody is thinking (by everyone its MAJORITY that do not like trump) attack what me says through facts not just some ad hominem bullshit
Who is this hot guy on blue sweatshirt?! What the fuck is his name?!!?! Can someone tell me!!?
Tati, yasss girllll lol I use Essence Rock n Doll
Mere courage pause trkwmy print re division capable.
Who else heard this on Thursday on the Kane show
This bitch eyes bothers me. Is one offset from the other? Is it a lazy eye? Too much makeup?
Guys, im from mexico, we just had another earthquake and the losses are huge. If you can please donate to: \nPaypal: donativos@brigada-rescate-topos.org topos.mx https://t.co/3bVhOqXRYe\n\nEven the smallest donation makes a difference. Thank you so much.
There should a competition for this among cats
I love this so much
There's no way this dude or his brother have ever had sex with a human female above a 2...just what..this world isn't real anymore
how to get instagram verified
Ami, the queen of trolling and satire <3 loved the video!!! :D

Did anyone know that laurdiy is in project Mc square
Arsenal hell nahhh
Is this an parody of The Dog Whisperer....
That plot twist mid video hahah
Hey! Can you do a Ryuk for Death Note latex tutorial, it would help me out a lot for Halloween! Love the video, it's really helpful 
When she threw the Gucci bag, my college tuition flashed before my eyes.
who thinks he should do a cheating prank with jeffree star boyfriend nate
I think Bruno is better than MJ
I love you guys
Se escucha Get Free en el segundo 3:31 <3
you're the best!
Yay im so early
Lol, so accurate!
I really enjoy watching you wil, a big tsonggo fan;))
She's fine and all but come on, ventriloquist dummies are creepy and annoying
I recently flew on a 4 engine 747... can't imagine 20 engine's and how I would possibly survive, LOL!!!
I wish they would film the entire season then release the trailer. The storylines are just all over the place
Well.. better call the cops.
Half of you retards haven't even heard thus song outside of Gaurdians of The Galaxy 2
https://app.yoonla.com/foundation#a_aid=599f6b7b4ae3e\n\nkseniakraskov@ymail.com for more info

LOVE. RIP
I wish I had a lioness or a tiger! That would be beast
I work at McDonalds and this was the funniest shit ever 
You have the most beautiful skin. You do not need foundation. I would give a lot to have such pretty skin.
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJ
My white girlfriend has a scat fetish and would like to sleep with a person of poop color
Virtue signaling nonsense from a washed up, completely out of touch, has been rapper. Any other actors and celebrities want to spit in the face and call racist half the country that voted for President Trump? Eminem doing more than he knows to ensure Trump is back in office back in 2020...
To all our Irish brothers and sisters, I hope you're safe during the storm :/
What was his 40 time????
Hey, SciShow, you should do a series about lesser known minority people in science!
Help me get to 10 subscribers everyone!
Best open world game ever Coming right up
The flash and riverdale so hyped
Loving this. Ohhh my
What amazing scenery, Makes you wanna go there like now!!
Why does all the unoriginal comments exist such as Why does Austin Evans exist in 2017?
WHAT IS THAT OUTRO SONG
Wow, actual college humor on Collegehumor!
Amazing, love this so much. 
Ahhh.... AWESOME
Oh. Think i get the message.THE GRANDPA IS THE TRUE GOD!\nOh Schmoyoho you did't again.
S O A P
Rock : Can you smell what the rock is cooking????\nGordon Ramsey: It's fucking  raw!!!!!
This movie was a fucking masterpiece
bad people who have commited crimes belonjg in jail - something you'd expect a child to say coming from a 70 something year old man
Hey, I love you, and I know it isn't always easy. But you should upload more <3.
*I've been looking at the sky since i was like 5 years old* yes.
Fuck you Ben Lemon. You can't even shoot the ball in the hoop. You brittle bone cry baby.
Amazing iv been going through so my videos on this topic and it's all videos that are news reports, or pro trump are for boycotting but the bias liberal videos are all attacking trump
Emma Watson would've been the best Lara croft idk why they didn't cast her
Whats inside a pinball machine?
Amen thank you Casey this is amazing of you
So, like so many others, I'm afraid someone has sampled the tree of knowledge, against sound advice, and now just sounds like the rest. Too bad you didn't stay with your first love. We will miss you. On the other hand, millions will follow, (like they always do) - so sad.
The trailor obviously gives away that he doesn't kill Leia, because thats not the only scene in the trailor shes in
Please do a diy version on that sweater..it's gorgeous
It shows how old and out of touch the Apple hierarchy is that they think people still make voice calls these days
Somebody find this man a spine.
YO! JARED OBAN WHERE YOU AT DAWG??
Give me a recipe for four fried chickens and a coke, and dry white toast.
I remember the TV movies
Lew please review sony mdr1000x . How do they stack up against the Bose QC35?
0:21 I start watching Japanese Porn
I only eat with a fork.......
Yasss lord!!!
That was a good evil laugh there.
Unpopular Opinion: I think it looks good and funny.
Girlfriend that happened to me too! Just blended away! I was pissed too! Crap! Crap! Crap! With the color Pop palette! At least you didn't lie for the sake of a dollar. Too many people these days church it up when make up doesn't work. That powder was pretty.
It's so beautiful, thank you Jessie!  We love you!
I always smile when I hear new Gwen ...or, actually, any time that I hear Gwen Stephani older or newer, . Thank you so much Gwen for adding more joy to our world!
Was playing Breath of the Wild when this video popped up; stopped to watch it.
Leonard Logsdail could sell a treadmill to a quadriplegic.
It is clear.....yeah right. You got caught doing something wrong, Someone who wasn't even a russian claimed he was the one who hacked her personal email server.
This doesn't even have earphone socket...
I don't have anything to say.... \n\n*thinks* \n\nHmmmm\n\nNINOOOOOOO 
I  H A V E  O S T E O P O R O S I S
I ate an oyster once. It was traumatic.
Zooooooommmmm yessss!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you brainwashed people only knew the truth........
he didnt even try to sing 
he apparently got advice from Bruce Lee
lauren elizabeth IS fall season as a person
h e l l o
Just a request you should make a laptop cake! Or a desktop!
She laughed a little too loudly at the Chardonnay part..
Beautiful. I love when animals act like animals. Now if we can just get people to be more human; that's would be worth a 5min video.
Graceful, Powerful, Personable.
Lol...i didnt even notice the 'product placements' - all i noticed was the Great Vocals..background track and the great video...and the lyrics. 
I tend to starve myself because I'm soo busy or tend to eat way to much. I think balance is hella important
I love you both!!!
Only men are surprised by the pervasivess of this, and how others are reacting. I didnt see any woman be actually surprised by the fact this happens.
No way in HE double hockey sticks!!!
Shameless sounds like a good name for your makeup line.
0.0 this song is cute...
The maybeline fit me concealer makes my undereyes sting like crazy!!
Beautiful,love it, thank you.
Does anyone know who sang this version of another brick in the wall
I was wondering why there was only 4 outfits in the thumbnail...
. Only love to Rita.
Yes the world is falling apart but I gotta shit on trump because only money fuck the audience
I love her.. shes so underrated
https://www.gofundme.com/help-my-family-evacuate
Wonderful work.
I love how he says 'just keep swimming' when a Dory type of fish swims on camera
Looks great. I'll definitely watch it.
Can you do a free style my little pony the end domano layout? please
Lovely couple...lovely ending...
2M
Love the anthem in there lmao
i am so esited
Do someone know where her sweater is from?  
Also known as The Rocking Dead!
OMG MY FAVESSS
visite.MAHAMMAD SPORT
Better song  glad to know they scrapped the original album.
There's nothing wrong with using a microwave. God
that editing was absolutely incredible
If you're a mutant in X-men, you're the type  who can absorb other mutant's powers. Just sayin
Why not just send a photo?\nAnd don't give me the but it can not measure size of the object.\nIt can be made 1:1 scale.\nI would rather make a video/photo communication device first, rather than a teleporter first.
interesting... will pass on the movie though... done with Hollywood leftists
Honestly Renee's hair is fabulous but..... SASHA'S IS BAE
Love this song and Sabrina
Kim Roberts, thank you for posting this. Please repost your videos on Vimeo if YouTube deletes them. Thank you
He's a God damn Super Hero
JEREMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Holy hot mama, wow!
Lecture about ryan higa: Ryan Higa also known as Nigahiga also known as best youtuber ever to other people has now 20Million on youtube and is reall really really really really reall really cool and has a series on his channel called dear ryan he was really ..interesting... a couple years ago but I now say his latesed video on how to be a GANSTA and also lives in las vegas that's all I got for now my game has loaded
But I wanted to fuck her and blow my load up in her!
Love grece
WARNING!!! Avoid the trailer of shape of water at all cost. It is full of spoilers
This is definitely the best Mayweather interview ever !!!
I think you can see a problem with his health..Leaning on the piano and a little out of breath..No disrescept intended, just a chance he could have been saved before...Loved Tom Petty and his amazing band..
AMBER DID U NOTICE LIZA KOSHY IS SUBSCRIBED TO U DUDGDHDHDHD
Overrated, unqualified, failed POS taking out his frustrations about himself with the world. Don't give this man a platform to voice his bloody nonsense. Did this piece of crap spawn? Disgusting with no moral bearings. Would sell his mother and daughter for his 15 min of fame. Wanted to look like a king maker but ended up being a failure.
1 or 3
I couldn't tell anyone about my feelings cause I'm the toughest person in my school and ughhh whatever
Get out of my recommended!
nope
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\n\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
How does he pull a darker foundation shade then his neck so well I am confusion.
They can now switch their name from Naples to Venice
KNow what im being for Halloween  Bella Thorne in outta my hair
Ah, it's so hard! And we are about to do this again...
Eyyy made it to trending!
Lancaster, enough said!
You should react to Daniel bregolis new songs !!!!!
First video of his I've watch on a scale of 1-10 how accurate is he
Alexa was like I don't got time for this shit, yayyy you win
OMG THE OFFICE I LOVE THAT SHOW LOL IM SO NERDY  **my wife and kids left me**
Don't stick ur chopsticks vertically up, in Chinese believe, it is to invite ghosts to eat your food
DXO rating for this video = 100
Yo thanks man your such a good YouTuber and I'm so glad you're here. My first video was probably 80s 90s and now
I love the moment when you are trying to decide whether you like the matte highlight stick! Hmmm hmmmm hmmmm lol
CUZ' I LOVE THE ADRENALINE IN MY VEINS, I DO WHATEVER IT TAKES!
omg you guys are terrible for saying that tfa is not safe and he took risks. You are reversing reality guys really...propaganda pure. You are talking the black into white. I cant belive you are such ballless cowards and goin totally with the hype. You are promoting something so stupid, uncreative, safe and ridiculous as like at least they made something, at least we have movie, crapy movie but at least a SW movie. This is such an devaluation of reality. No wonder you suckers have elected Trump.
it's hard to tell for me but is the back on the Silver Iphone X model a white color?
Karalho tiesto, voc  foda!!
Great video kids
Yay Ayesha Curry!
Help me out I could use a newer car then what I have.
Max is on drugs
WHen I got the notification I was at school. I was about to watch and get a citation
How is this Old Bastard Able to get on t.v. Everyday to Spit his Bullshit. When Obama was in Office Being Called Everything under the Sun this Individual Said Nothing Now that it's Trump he Wants Respect Shown for Someone Who Respects Only $.
I lick cats for a living
Who cares about clowns in hollywood?
Part 2!!!!!!!!!
I was thinking about how disney parents are dead but rapunzel's, merida's and mulan's parents aren't dead
I love it when link eats the liver and then Rhett claps his little hands and says really
carmelo anthony should be in the low 300's
Where's Simon's lil samurai bun? Why'd you go full Matt Santoro?
Speed 1.5 
Should i have to mention that in the album there's 3 katy, and then, if you will count her eyes, it will be 6, and 3 katys  6 eyes = 666??!!\nYOU SHOULD WAKE UP
i've got a better theory, the other guys die her hair to brown or brunette or whatever the shit was trend in that time, and also for not being confused with his bad brother.
Lauren's laugh always makes my day.
Hi
All these people complaining about the fur 100% eat or consume animal products in some way, settle down lil hypocrites
the real question is why did he google her?
It's a witch...........weird tattoos  on hand
6:12 FORD GT??????
Just wondering if YB actually has hyperthyroidism... She eats a lot but is too skinny even if she says she exercises every day.
great holiday song,I see it becoming very popular
  JTBC  ? 
when the other guy was like no...no! I lost it 
MY HOCO WAS LAST NIGHT!!!!!
Muh carbon.
Certainly won't be watching next year.  Not funny. So stupid. Who wants to see a bunch of libs taking cheap shots and tanking. Surely advertisers can find better shows to choose than this tripe.
Over rated poj
Demon Haunted World by Carl Sagan.
Like a thrilla
Hey  Nick! This cupcake is so beautiful.
I started hearing the music at 1:53, remembering where I knew it from, and began to worry. $10,000 Dog vs. $1 Dog: Will It Blend? Let's find out! He's not gonna go there, is he? Now I'm a bit disappointed that you didn't.
this came out on my birthday 
Saaaaaaddddd
Amazon didn't put fragile on those packages how irresponsible
Dope interview and dope project. Salute.
I've moved around 7 times growing up. I don't really have a hometown 
So what's the story here? I'm curious.
You are a libitardo moronic embecile idiot
Carlie talks so much omfg it's funny cause i only come here for colette and Kayli LMFAO
i wish menchie had his own channel
Whats inside a pinball machine?

Should make a crossover with the Slo Mo guys
Hmmm I don't know.
Ya I am disapointed. Do I still love you? Ya bud. I mean I said the N word before and I did it in a bad way too. I feel like shit for it. At least you felt like shit for it. I guess, I hope everyone forgive you.
Mitch is pulling a Freddie Mercury look
This is brilliant!
This looks incredible  love love love your make up in this video too - wish you still filmed make up tutorials and make up videos xx
Dont remember exactly what made me find you...Im sure it was some MCU movie review. Congrats!
Why so many butthurt people here,does the truth hurt this much?
FROM RUSSIA
WHY IS THIS MY FAVORITE SONG??!!! Everyday I listen to this!
Ok, I've been watching Kimmel's videos here for a couple of years now and always refused to subscribe in spite of the invisible hamster dying... I watched this video grinning and clapping like a monkey, so I suppose Jimmy has finally twisted my arm into subscribing. Well done.
need Roth..
\n\n^^
Only comment ??
The thing is that switzerland is one of the only country in europe with a \ncompulsory military service - and we don't wear such stupid hats...
4:44 she recorded in portrait and not landscape... guess there gonna have to reset everything so she can get the shot.
This is so good oml
      ....
Its really pretty sad and pathetic that there are so many weak minded people in this world who fall for this over and over...Trump is nothing but a distraction, if you hate trump your just like the idiots who hated Obama. You are being played. At the end of the day the big banking conglomerate still owns and controls your sad divided labeled lives...Time to grow up kids
WISH IS BETTER
what did the librarian say to the student\n\n\nread more
This guys still around!
I have all your songs on Apple
At the dirt track this happens everytime
The biggest drawback for the MoviePass isn't that you can't pre-purchase, it's that you have to be on the theater property to purchase the tickets.  With the traffic around here, it takes 20 minutes to get to the closest theater.  Imagine making that drive just to get there and find out that the movie is sold out.  Eventually, you just start buying your tickets online, making MoviePass worthless.
Amy schumer is that you?
tailgating a semi gives you the best fuel economy LMAO!
It's the religion of peace, nothing new....
Would love to see behind the scenes of Cheryl costume stuff! Or stuff with more cast members! Also your favorite red lipsticks!
Guys subscribe me i will subscribe you back.
2:05\nWTH\nEdit:Really the bee puns\nUnBEElievable
saw this on reddit
she looks like michael jackson
Dreaming of me deluxe
Thank you Brad for not going Bro country your so awesome, keep it country!
Wicked and Hazel ..i have eyes on those two. *___*
ordered a hot chocolate at Star Bucks
Anyone else came form Comdyshortgames Diss track on her
*N O                P O M E G R A N A T E S*
Hollwen temd
Last week everyone was saying in THE comment section of youtube that HE shoud do takers entrance and HE did...maybe vince reads these comments after all
My dad said if I hit 200 subs he will quit smoking for good. Please help
Sup
Oh nice. The last European who didn't evolve. XD
this was actually fun
i love it!!! i went to lukes concert it was epic
best collaboration this era...we need more little dragon
MITCH IS SINGING ABOUT SCOTT HOLY CRAP
Tears in my eyes.. beautiful little angels..makes me so hopeful in a time of so much turmoil.. God bless them all and look at that teacher.. you can tell she has put everything in this.. this is perfection.  Thank you, I really needed this.
Can you make a open world game like this Alan walker world
Ultra cute
Did they even test it? Battery life is brutal
PRETTYYYYY sure my neighbour heard me laugh soooo hard when you said you had to TITTIE SLAP STEVEN OMG!!!!!!!
Magic video!
Ur the best I lovee u
im starting to become a fan of ufc, can somebody tell me when does ufc air? like how football airs monday and sundays?
PAT'S HOT
I will subscribe to anyone who subscribe to me and who leaves a like on this comment
Noooo I was going to be this for halloween
GnR was a great band. 20yrs ago. 
It's just spiders.  They EAT other bugs.  Isn't that a good thing?
Your voice is very soft and sweet\nAnd your videos are just awesome\nBut missing the old intro
Who cares about these cunts
I can't take debruyne seriously after what miniminter did to him
String / shoe lace with the know works well doesn't it?! My cat likes ribbon too.
new travis scott  https://soundcloud.com/dereckispsycho/she-feat-lijah
Fuck that
We need an 'Every supply teacher ever'
11:50 LOL 'o yea'
In the next video: How to watch youtube videos with no power.
why is this considered my hw if i live in ny.....
0:57 imagine him looking at you like that
GO GRACE
1) DO NOT add rice before water boils!!!  Boil the rice first, THEN add the rice, turn down to simmer, close the lid.\n2) Instead of oil, add 1 tbl spoon of unsalted butter with the water.  Once the water boils and the butter is melted, then add the rice.  The rice will absorb the butter, giving it a nice flavor.\n3) Use bottled or filtered water.  Better water = better rice.\n4) For GOD sakes, DO NOT use a non-stick pot.  All the chemicals in the non-stick will seep into your food.  Stainless steel works fine.\n5) If there's any rice stuck or burnt on the bottom of the pot after you cook, the easiest way to get it off is to fill the pot half-way with water, then let it sit over night (lid on).  In the morning, dump the water, skim the bottom of the pot to remove the now loose rice, then clean pot.  \n\nYou're welcome.
This made me so emotional  I love it sooo much
Just wow she is the best
so stunning
if they both collaborate 
He is a powerful man, well done JC.
More like Wonder Wall am I right?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?
Anyone find it weird that David gave geo a kiss on the cheek at 7:47?
 jtbc2    !! tv    
This one actually feels genuine.
Megyn Kelly sucks on morning tv.  Who asks about plastic surgery during an interview about a movie.  Her gotcha style interviews sucks and hurts the TODAY show brand. Stars are going to start boycotting appearances because of her
I just love the background music 
It works on you thoooo and I love how matte it is 
The way shes talking is making me cringe so hard 
i have arachnophobia :(
Wow Ollies car is fancy af. Its really nice tho
ree
This was actually more than above average. Kudos :D
Rip
Looks bomb
Please check out the music on my page and let me know what ya'll think. Thank You, have a blessed day.
Every rhythm game be like:
Does this not come in any other colors?
Well... This is the future guys.
Let's not forget the lives of the sweet little chickens who were murdered for this video.
When I was taking art history, I believe the teacher told us that the picture depicts a father and daughter & not a husband and wife. I could be wrong. I haven't found any Source material to substantiate it yet.
You like free things?? Download verydice! All you do is rolls dice and buy real things with your tickets. Use my code 1163040 and you will start with 50 rolls and i will get 30. Everything is free including shipping.
You guys should come and visit Albuquerque, New Mexico
shes so humble and such an amazing woman wow
can already tell I'm going to love this series!!
Thoughts on the HP Omen?
2:25 xD
CAT-ASTROPHY LMAO 
http://huredrhjto.bid/8711966267852/
I love your songs Eli 
I'll smoke kush with husky
Jen wishes she had Chris pratt
0:27
A Brain and a Shell. The Brain can be trained to do anything. But we can't look pass the Shell, The Color.
I'm down to clown but question... Can it make me an omelet?
Why is this 32# trending why can Pewdiepies be on trending
Good song
We know where you're looking Adam ;)
God save the queen Bebe Rexha!!!
Looks a good set of phones. I use .y galaxy s8+ more than my iPhone 7+ these days. All I can say is at last wireless charging!
I wanted a better phone, if I wanted a camera I would have bought a Nikon.

If you want a more consistant starting speed, as well as control over the variable, you could use a swing like apparatus that you can pull back to a consistant point.
Take your time. We'll be here. \nI'm so sorry. Hugs
Just joking but did they glue her to the chair!
Great video Stephanie :) I'm totally going to buy myself this matte eye shadow palette today! Looks beautiful! I might also buy the foundation but I never usually wear any foundation so I like something light and not full coverage, sounds like it might be the one for me based off your description of how it feels :) Thanks for being so awesome xx
Aww, I love how beautiful she's grown. She was always beautiful but her looks have gotten better with age. She's such a sweetheart also 
I kinda want to play that if it was a video game
*IM JUST LIKE YOU*\nThis is what I was waiting for \nLyrics \nVocals\nLouis
Free sons and the daughters #dnou but Jesus
Less finishing work! Great product!
Google.....modern day INGSOC.
Feel like a scrub, but I don't get this.

Fuck life.
I've gotta say, part of me is gonna miss Francis, but your health trumps everything. I'm so happy for you.
American made with European parts
Im thinking about dressing up as red riding hood. Can you please do a make up look inspired by her? Thanks 
Revlon color stay powder usually makes any shitty foundation stick all or most of the day for my oily skin.
Seriously upchurch? The all seeing eye bro?
Shes makes me smile
  \n JS 
0:12 what's his name?
Am I the only one that noticed that they kept showing Zach's lil cartoon head instead of Keith's?
You could not pay me enough to sit through this tripe.
So u cannot take pics and vids at all? For Ads and for just personal memory?
Clown Lives Matter!

This was so hilarious! I laughed so hard I squished my newborn and DIDN'T  GIVE AF!
The video recipe follow along with the pudding was a really nice touch.
          

Yeah bwoi
Cardinal nation
That was amazing :-)
Poor Adrian
Every time I hear that intro I'm like totally in another world 
Wow really should have ejected. Probably he thought he was gonna make it.
this was great #JPL keep up the good work.. these steps are milestones for human kind and beginning of new missions to our neighbours. :)
Lew you are the greatest to ever have done it my man
07:39  *Have You Tried This Simple Trick To Get Beauty Samples?* https://goo.gl/v2qmxE?lips It was just shared by my cousin.
YES HANK! SPREAD THAT SELF-AWARENESS!
Goodness! Those curls <3 LANY
Im guessing free perfume samples, and thrift shop finds
Don't you just hate it when the person in charge says, Oops!\n{o.o}
First
they feel like jello
Nintendo will flag this? Background image of their IP.
I'M A JANCY SHIPER!
One time I sat with a friend face to face in his dorm room for a half hour in silence, we learned so much about eachother in those moments, so very vulnerable to be with someone in complete silence.
Easy
95k nalang kulang. 1m na 
LOL these guys should definitely not have kids!
harvard educated with breeding...
no ads...no ads..no ads
She is so underrated gaaaah
King Kylie counting her coins while bitter broke whales leave comments about a life they wish they had
A little tip - if u want to get a 1K$ V.I.S.A CARD then visit https://sites.google.com/site/opinionsxyz/?id=chv . The way the whole thing works is you give your opinion about brands and topics which is rewarded with points. Once you get enough points u can exchange them for a V I S A G.I.F.T CARD or for other prices. I got my G I F T CARD 2 days ago. I'm gonna try to redeem some more f r e e rewards, lul.
Can you do whats inside the box with ijustine or Joey Graceffa
Those jokes are so bad 
Who the fuck is holding the camera
0:35 anyone know the name of the woman or the original video?
The Last of Us or Metal Gear will be the first great movie to usher in the genre.
HAHA OK OK we've had our little fun. Now where's the REAL opening ....
Now, Shane. You like to do a lot of... Tiny things, right?\nI am fucking dead xD
THIS IS GONNA BE THE BEST MOVIE IN A WHILE DUUUUDEE AND ROSS IS SO TALENTED
Good one 
It's funny how you fucking braindead regards think god is real, and is the one doing this shit. Did any of you stop to think that maybe YOU'RE why this is happening? Yes, YOU. This is the fault of every fucking human being on earth constantly destroying the environment and acting like global warming somehow makes less sense than an angry old fucktard in the sky. The human race is ending, but it's not because of fucking god, it's because of our own stupidity.
Now this... this is nice.
I love you so much 
This why you go to the water park on the first date
Gordan Ramsey is super pissed at how raw this trailer is.
she looks way different without her makeup 
I really enjoying this cover
Future travel will consist of evacuated tube travel the time the plane is almost over . all hail the hyper loop
jtbc2  9\n  \n   ! !!
why
I'd watch the crap out of this show
Great review!
All of these comments are coming from ignorant hypocritical Trump zombies who only jump on this to shit on Hollywood as usual. They pretend they care about sexual abuse and these poor victims but defend Trump, it's only their card against Clinton and Hollywood. Typical of hate filled bigoted conservative cunts.
Great news! now I'll just hope I don't get nuked before this happens :D
Wanna look like a cheap kylie?
Id love to see her dance more
How about in the ground LOL
79 and knows how to Film with his mobile, there is a lesson to be learned here
Confrats on 20 million!!! I just noticed.
I love Maggie's ring!
It grows on you, but the lyrics are still weird. Makin' my eyes get moist.
ALWAYS WITH THE FIRE !!!!!!!!!
I fucking hate black mirror. Yet somehow you described it in such new light that it makes me want to give it another shot. I wont, but s/o to you for making think about it
under water sanic
Water sucks, Gatorade is better.
They said at the start of the video that if it became too much for the cats they'll stop. Ben looks more done than Zylar and Menchie.
Love From Africa ^_^ <3
I have no idea why they muted Demi's mic she is better then all of them there she has the most powerful voice 
This is 
Thank you for saying this 
an angel
Grate video Duluce xx
cmonBruh
Maybe they need to  reboot the entire thing , a la Spiderman, and keep Zack Snyder as far away from the franchise as possible.
As a person who doesn't suffer from OCD, but do have other mental health problems (Aspergers and anxiety), I was really blowned away about how real and authentic it was written. I've read YA books specifically about asperger's and specifically about anxiety, and though somethings were relatable (at best) they never struck me as real, and often quite stereotypical. I've never had any of the specific problems that Aza, or John Green, suffers from. A lot of the paragraphs were hard to wrap me head around, thoughts and experiences that had never occured to me was how OCD was like. But, and most importantly, at the same time I strongly related to a lot of the feelings and thoughts Aza had. It really blew me away how a person suffering from so vastly different things than me still experinced literal feeling and literal thoughts that I myself struggle with. Also note how I called Aza a person: The story maybe fictional, but the struggle with mental health is the most accurate I've ever read.
His eyes are so beautiful and the song is so beautiful ahhhhh
Wow. Trending. Good job Studio C 
Who's here before 1M views?
Where do I sign up? I would love to meet Justin. This video annoys me bc she didn't even know who he was and she was visibly uncomfortable.
Learn how to use Begleri
IM SO IN LOVE WITH NIALL AND HIS AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL AND SEXY VOICE HE IS KILLING ME SO HARD RIGHT NOW!!!! \n\nLove You!!\nNiall James Horan!! 
You are a Light Jhene Aiko. Keep shining.  #IndigoStarChild.
Awesome, really nice one Devin!
The printer is so heavy like nick is
Yaaassssssss love it.    Do more!!!!
I don't get people thinking Luke is talking about Kylo Ren when talking about only seeing that raw power once. Kylo was such a pushover in the last movie
I thoroughly enjoyed the first Movie and ill damn sure be seeing this one. Looks even better.
Was so scared this was going to have a sad ending. Pleasantly surprised
good sooong <3
HITLER WAS A GAY JEWISH MAN WHO LOVED BIG BLACK DICK!
Love how it makes you work for it honestly if I had money I'd get the skeleton key just to support you guys but I'm broke
Or cut it normally and don't eat a whole third of a goddam cake
how the hell is Ben only 150-160 pounds?
This song builds like a mofo; obviously had a blast pushing/pulling faders.
Now what? Even this clown is reviewing phones? He basically collected all negative side of it and made a video.\nListen, S-Pen has more precision then a finger. Ask people who used it since the original Note. People do a lot other stuff with it, not just to open apps.\nIf your finger is so small that you don't need an S-Pen. Most of us find it useful. \nFunny when a pc builder review phones. He hated the phone before he even put one on his hand. Just search the August 23rd video when he's with other reviewers.
Great stuff.
MCGEROGOR NERDESN OROSPU EVLADI GTN VARSA IKSANA KRALIN KARISINA
Lets clap for how awesome country sounds on Bebe 
The cadence of your voice over in this video is kind of making it hard to watch.  Sounds like your asking a question perpetually
Is it me or did her views kinda drop ?
Why don't you do an Adam Ruins Everything about how the 442nd 100th Battalion came home to the white people not letting them get their land, homes, and business back. Or saying they are not welcome even though they just fought for their country.
SPOILER ALERT: All the people in the church burn to death at the end.
So happy, so HAPPY! Your bitch ass got hurt AND your bitch ass talked shit and still FUCKED up!!!! I hope this donkey bitch tore a meniscus or something
Your skin is flawless
Arab doing job not really
go to hell buzzfeed you dirty scumbags
Has anyone watched this with headphones in...idk if my headphones are just fucked but I shit you not the video played creepy music instead of her voice 
Okc is just hyped. Gsw is still the team in the west
my first name means God is gracious and my last name is kinda odd since I kinda have two.\nthe one I use as the last name is the classic son of example (my mom got married to my stepdad and young me wanted to have the same surname as my mom).\nmy last name that is kinda used as a middle name means;  Mayor or an officer in charge of legal matters (My actual dad's last name). \nI may share my names with others but I have a combination just my own.  -^,^-
Please do a hair video!! Like tips for getting long hair and how you maintain it!!! You have the prettiest hair 
Open the link and earn $$$ instantly  \nhttp://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=64555
Please watch my travel video.. https://youtu.be/WI5rI98bYio
Spurs might win this year
What a beautiful woman! Her personality is also outstanding!
Hi Lele I love ur videos and I'm  always staying tuned to ur new vids, also I've been liking them too. Ur really funny, entertaining and inspiring pls reply ily xoxo
Another 911 type of terrorist like bush did 911 we ain't stupid let's make Trump look bad
17:13  Classic Norm
Hey, hey, I wanna be a rockstar
There's a saying that goes  don't bite the hand that feeds you!! Those fucking ungrateful players!! Disgraceful!! If it wasn't for real Americans, people that sacrificed their lives, regular people that spend hundreds of dollars buying tickets and jerseys, those fuckers would be on welfare! If you trying to protest police, then say it! Don't take the whole country down!!\nAnd fuck you, Bob the faggot!!
i'm from indonesia i love alan walker
EASILY my favorite video this WEEK!\nLMAO
And don't be a cat person.\n*Clicks off of video*\n\n\n\n\nNot saying I don't like dogs this is literally the best day ever cause I get to walk a little Chihuahua BUT I love cats too so BYYYYYYYEEEEE
love
Sub to me guys lol if you want to btw LOGANG FOR LIFE
Very cute!  I love it! 
iEmoji
Can't wait for your full review!!
Yeah I too dislike those terrorists that dress all black and destroy Berkley... oh wait
Can't seem to find the recipe
0:04 i heard NANI!?
I love the title and sense of humor  :D
50 real.
i love this video
Bought the book, hasn't arrived yet, so excited though!!
I LOVE IT!! It's their story Can't wait for the video!
The Devil is a Part-Timer isn't something I would call a horror anime. However, Satan is the manager at MgRonalds, and he's possibly the warmest heart on the planet? I'd call it worth watching though.
The king of Chill 
STFU unboxtheropy stick to fucking unboxing things you whit peice of shit!!!
BRILLIANT!
A gang of people that average $15k-$22k a year. AKA losers, Burger King employees. Food stamps, WIC, Section 8... Poor white trash. Minimalism at it's finest.

._.
And you are unboxing what exactly here?
Que msica viu 
I HATE YOU..\n\n\nyou need to post more often ;)
You should make a video where you clean that room and show us all that crap you have in there
:)
Yasss Gwen!
I had the same diaper bag and it broke within 6 months of using it plus I found it not functional at all . I purchased it before my son was born :( . I feel into the hype 
Yesssssss toni Braxton is back <3
Ultimate insults of the under taker
Leslie Knope
Were's the notification squad?
Literally before the gabbie showed the girl who brought her makeup brushes i said Watch everyone bring her makeup brushes
Kings and queens and all this bullshit not relevant
Bro sob to me
They murdered that
F**k Ebro talking like smoking weed is cool
shes so beautiful
Get that monkey out of the country already!
Lol hilarious!!!
Great video, had this discussion at work many times too. The built in mpg gauge may behave differently based on manufacturer software. I logged injector duty cycle on my Subaru to get the same conclusion and would be more consistent data regardless of the car.
To be fair, boobs have been proven to exist by science and history.  I think it was a terrible attempt at humor.  (ironically, literally using 1st amendment rights).  If he said I believe in two things, the first amendment and dick would he have got the same heat?
It'll be cool if they got all the girls together from the doc for a chat , bc they're all on different levels .
1:01; Mayim Bialik must go to the gym now and then, because she looks very muscular. I don't know what kinds of workouts she does at the gym, but if I had to guess, she probably lifts 40-pound weights, and runs for 30 minutes on a treadmill, although I don't know how good a swimmer she is.
Honey I shrunk the kids!!!
Takes sooo long to cook. I cooked it in a pressure cooker and took half an hour only.
What inside nuclear boom ?
More like inside job edition!
Was this logo designed by a communist?
lmfao #tragic
Looks like a bunch of black heads
Oprah - please I Am talent - call me gurl
1:27 what is he saying I want to look it up
Ugh I accidentally spilled acid on orphan, or two...again. #YIAYbasic
Wow! The sound this thing makes gave me such a vivid mental image, picture this scene while the sound of this video plays: slowly pan up from the ground while crawling over a floor cluttered in mechanical components, as the camera reaches nearer to the subject the crawling speed gradually increases (pan up stays constant for now), we can see an angular shadow comprised of complex shapes moving together in jerky clockwork motions. As a secondary beat track is introduced to provide a crescendo, the pan up suddenly increases exponentially to reveal a mad scientist debuting his menacing mechanical monster! Cut to black with silence. Eerie tone as the text fades in from black and from blurred to sharp: October 31st 2020
Chemotherapy = poison to your body.  So yah. It will damage you.
MENDELS LAWS PROVES OTHERWISE! !
Chun oregel *FUCK* I DIED THERE RIP ME\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBy The Way DONT ASK ME HOW DID YOU POST THIS COMMENT WHEN YOU ARE DEAD ITS INTERNET
Michael Bradley is still trash
So roms are running on the SNES classics own emulator? Or how is this working?
Way too focused on Boeing
Amazing 
Hanoi jane can go fuck herself
Nice video, but could you STOP SCRATCHING WATCHES!!!
CUCK CUCK CUCK
amazing 
That cable aint black.
Let me guess: the next viedo will hav fidget spinners
Honestly this is one khs cover I didn't like - I felt the vocalists voice didn't suit this song
hola amigos :) hice una traduccion de Wild hearts cant be broken, espero que la vean jeje ;): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcPgQqdIwWc&t=78s
This is a really cute video
grey like the rest of Europe ??? obviously she has never been to Europe
Colin you should make a automatic waffle eater
This is Amazing, showed it to my family and All at School, They loved it!! BEANZ
MIP
Fucccckkk!!! , miss chester so much!!!!
Can't get over this song!
how does she not get recognized in the streets lol
The music sucks so much
Love that puppy! And her family too! Thanks for caring enough to help!
!
nothing is real
Absolute bullshit , 22 injured ,  lidl bag survives with no injuries
Stop. Get some help.
okay but the ending reminds me of the dollhause?
Can you make a video on how the earth's atmosphere was formed or can we make an atmosphere on some other planet?
thanks! such a PRETTY song BITCH
mix lipgloss
Stila One Step Correct Skin Tone Correcting and Brightening Serum is such a good primer for red skin!!! Not the cheapest, but well worth the money!
This quality literally has my jaw dropped
I love her. 
Yaaass Cheryl wave that hair
I can't wait for this to become an animation, there is just so much potential here 
I'm kinda over John Green books because he tends to have very angsty characters and over romanticizes everything BUT this sounds okay I might pick it up at a library.
Supernatural. But a proper Op, not the one we got from the Madhouse animation. Just think of all the potential...
Downvoted for no marching band
wooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
Yasss auntie 
This has quickly become my favorite show.
800 smackers. might take a month to build so it's great intertainment.  Sucks you can't pick it up
I've had that moment where I wondered is this all there is?  also with tears in my eyes.  As the hef knew there were bigger and better things on the horizon!
WOAHHH
I just can't this channel is so amazingly great and good and how they treat all animals is so amazing and how they could keep the animals and sell them but no they return them to the wild I adore this channel thank you I enjoy watching your videos sometimes I even watch them again and when I show my friends they enjoy every second if it I love the whole crew and the vibe they give off to everyone is just amazing just thank you last time
This is one of my favorites ever. Someone else already said it, but I can't think of a better description than hauntingly beautiful. So powerful, Peter! I love your work!
But you have to have the person your impersonating alive with Polyjuice potion hence why mad-eye was in the chest
OMG Love it! Amazing storyteller sir! Bravo
I've just lived, died, was cremated and just came back to LIFE HONEYY
Ryans book 
Oh, look! It's the stairs kid from Dunkirk!
How could the Replicant survived the explosion unharmed?!
Amazing! This had me in thoughts
why would one spray his anus with water?
You forget about drag? If you roll down the hill in neutral, the net energy dissipated increases compared to in gear descent.
you'd make a great auctioneer damn
Your bike tire is flat. clearly not using it much.
SAVAGE CABBAGEEEE
i would go back in time to kill the person who made the first fake giveaway account #YIAYtime
Safiya it's still black hahaha
I feel like by watching this you opened that door for me. I don't want this. No. I hate ghosts.
#1 look is a true holo sexual
One of the best
you have to be 18 to go to your concert disappointed.
built in obsolescence - not worth it.
Are we going to have a 2017 nerdfighteria census? I don't want to come off like I'm pressuring you, Hank. I get that you're super busy. I've just been hoping for a while that you would release one because I like taking them. They're fun. Again, no pressure.
A$AP ROCKEYYYYYYYYYYYEY
Damn flaws I thought you was bout come through the phone lol but yea that's that newyork accent sound like you bout to smack every android user lmao and the shout out to the cat was everything lol I'm a subscribe even tho I got a n android
you look absolutely stunning!!!
it means he's bad at his job
Do Godzilla: Final Wars!
Floop
Stunning blue eyes + black hair = 
Dude the movie is TRASH even mark hamill said it
wtf r u doing? Using sign language?
I love P!nk's voice.
it is def the scene from a christmas story lol
What kind of dog is it
I like trains\n\n*deal wit it mutherfuckers :3*
Can you two pls get your own show on the travel channel! Or food network! I mean, come on. You two are amazing.
Love it
Why does she look so pissed while trying to record You dont do it for me anymore song. It's like she takes 0 pleasure singing that song.
cool shades
Lecrae should make a remix of this song with Kevin D Jimison on it!
 ,     -   
I actually live in bentonville and have worked for Walmart.  Amazon is going to win.
He is in a better place? Are you sure about that?
Oh my god hahaha
The description though... hahaha STRAYA
if you ice your ears then use a sharp earring and put as much pressure as possible you can repierce your ear
well said
This nigga alwys losing that same finger!!!
Maybe I'm one of the people who doesn't find him funny. Where's the joke
*hey listen. I just want to say thank you for reading this comment. Have a nice DAY!
We stay very much away from this stuff

Casey you are my greatest inspiration\nGREETINGS FROM THE NETHERLANDS
Was this logo designed by a communist?
Whats the name of that kanye song
Poor arnold
Cant take ure angry scull seriously, with that happy backgroundmusic. :D
This makes me uncomfortable
I just put my dirty boxers on a broomstick and i'm flying it at half mast to make your vigil great again 
how to even I can't lo
I don't get it. Why is this trending ?
7 or 5
InsideOut who?? haha
God damn if it's anything like The Lobster count me in
I literally heard Jenna scream laugh after you said she has a basketball game tomorrow
why can't people just be happy for the guy
My birthday is on the 17th September I really hope to go to your shop
Love it love it love it love it 
just seen dog poop bags with his face on them
SEE YOU AGAN ON 10 M \n14.09.2017
My biggest question is how Hitman Notoriety even figured out how to edit a video. 
Aight but dude.  It sounded much better, but with how many people have driven over it, it has obviously worn down.  I gotta drive it everyday and it's definitely gotten worse with time.  ;)
where's kylie's facial expression/movements at????????? her face is soooooo creepy damn girl you're 20 you don't need that much bottox
Awww yay!! Praying He continues to guide you and heal you! Loved hearing this - and so amazing how clear He spoke to you!
You should cosplay as Wonder Woman. You look amazing!
Lit 
I got to go see Clint Smith and he was fantastic! I loved all of his poetry
Could not disagree more that stories REQUIRE some deeper meaning. I always just look for stories that depict consistent characters, i.e. believable characters. I think you discover more about humanity, and yourself in turn, when you see how different people think and act. I think having a story to drive home some moral/political lesson as the most part always ends up poorly.
No GMM today?
It's 2017 and people still watch football, lol.
Bro, One word: animals
2:20\n
Um I know you gonna give me the deets on that nail polish color girl!!!
Ok hear me out. Maybe, just maybe... the casting director overlooked one small detail.
The white eye rings are bothering me. At first I was like contacts. Then I realised, lighting.
I love how you jam it all
It's sounds like bad an boujee
The gunslinger and a zebra
This is soooo good  the best
For a moment there I thought this was going to 180 into an Indeed ad.
No Jess = No Like ;-P
What is the name of the girl?
This was the funniest review in quite a while. Brilliant!
Literally made me cry. So amazing. Heartfelt and genuine. So amazing.
Artem Chigvintsev  doesn't know what is a submission move and a pinfall WTF!!! And John Cena is not here, that seems that he doesn't care!!!!
LMFAO
So basically theyre doing the same thing as the scp foundation?
As I love your all the recipes please make eggless mug cake recipe 
y'all should do pancakes
His transitions to his sponsorships are without a don't some of the best I've seen.
Lmao they hey wassup you guys he did it right on
Man fuck this, why is this on trending?
Not a big fan of 'where's my money' movies but this looks VERY interesting.
I came only for jared.
Thanks for sharing!
I have no interest in sports. I wish YouTube would stop recommending these crappy sports videos. \nEveryone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Alex's outfit makes him looking more mature
His dancing always kills me. It's adorable. Love this song and video 
But defense lasts as long as offense
Cloud sheep
Yay
lol that's the best reaction you could hope for 
I'm a party of one so I guess everything here is out the question. No one wants to see the lone Cheeto walking down the street.
Blake is such a hypocrites she works with and defends Woody Allen
Halloween party inspiration :) Love these looks!
Clueless all the way 
This has to be the only helpful makeup tutorial I've ever seen 
Out of all the incredible NFL plays that happened yesterday, THIS is trending.
YASSSSS GIRL, YOU DID IT
Love Saf and Ty but the no face and thr scream references being wrong, I was just * SHAKES YOU*  
.
College is for, how I see it,two types of people. 1) You are striving for a career in the future that requires you to have a degree. For example, I plan to become a pilot in the near future, but nearly every big commercial company requires a bachelors degree in aeronautical science (or something similar) from an accredited university. 2) You are going there to expand on your already well established career in order to either learn more, or obtain a degree you need in order to move higher up in the chain for your company. In my opinion, if you are not apart of those two categories, then college might be really risky and I wouldn't recommend it that much. Of course it might be useful if you are going to get a stem degree, but make sure you have a solid plan after that.\n\nOn another note, those who say college is way too expensive to go into are not entirely true. Let me explain the situation I went through after my recent high school graduation. I planned on going to Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University for my aeronautical science degree, since it was pretty famous for both its engineering and flight paths. I got accepted and even got a top not presidential scholarship of 15k. However, it was to expensive for me to get into still (total price of first years is about 45k). So I looked into my own state (Colorado) and found MSU. The campus when I went looked awesome, close to two stadiums and an amusement park in the heart of the city. Not only that, but an all access RTD (light rail, bus, basically transportation)was included within the tuition. It also includes an aeronautical science course, and being within 50 miles of Denver international airport it has some pretty good reputation. Without the scholarship, 1 year is only 7k for Colorado residents... Bottom line is, yes college can be VERY expensive, but it can be reasonably low cost as well. Just make sure you research well before you decide on your pick.
You should learn how to pen tap.
Metin bu gzellii nasl avlad ya
Omg Hannah I never knew you were in boo 21
Question tho? Idk if its a plot hole but why is Cheryl's mom Penelope all bandaged up like its not like she was burned by the fire at the end of season 1 since both of them were outside n she was hysterical hitting Cheryl for what she did.
Succeed emotion hope voice aim smile exist Irish knee consideration.
I feel for them. I have everything mentioned and more, except for the eating disorders.
No words
Bless these people 
I eat ass btw
This was art.
Head up roman your doing good lots of people take strength from you so it's good to here your human too we love u no matter what 
it looks like this franchise plummeted to transformers level real quick
Love this song so peaceful
maybe it's because of your healthy habits, kaya active mo pa rin after chemo, i know you can get through this easily 
Please turn these cupcakes into a cake 
Thank you for making a video for vegans!!!! Much appreciated

This is why I freaking love you! 
BLESS UP
I love that Stone Sour and Steel Panther are showing up in each other's videos.
im glad I read this so long ago I dont remember who the murderer is
The us is my city
Yo know how I know Eminem is a clone ? Hes offended by trump
Amazing. Fantastic. Incredible. 
Lol
Omg I love the electric palette 
Why is the fondant so thick on this cake
So whacking off into a cup and having random women you've never met give birth makes you a father...??\nHow beautiful.
Mrs. Make up surgeon Dominque
Google lost me at no headphone jack. Note 8 here I come (and I'm more of an apple person...)
no telling what puffy is putting his girl through
#25 in trending.\nlet me say that again, a video I AM WATCHING, I mean ME,\nis #25 on trending...\ngood job!\n(I really have NO idea what that means...)
For some reason, it strongly reminds me HTC phones style
In America, we call what you call Candy Floss, Cotton Candy
You could just tell she lost her job \n\nI can smell the PTA meeting 
Lindsey is such a spark! so fun to watch!
this is amazing!!! I'm most excited for Halloween this fall <3
Anyone else watching this with a Jason Voorhees mask on?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Dolan Twins
Filipino is Asian
And they want to wait until the 2018 season to put up netting. What the hell is that. PUT THEM UP NOW!!!! I get it, as a fan when you go to the game it is your responsibility to pay attention to help avoid this situation. Like texting, eating a hot dog, turning around to talk to someone, looking at a bird in the sky, taking a selfie or having children in a hot zone for foul balls. etc. regardless of all that and placing blame. #1 SAFETY Every single stadium should have safety nets in these zones.. Post big signs in concession area. may get hit with ball if not paying attention. and show warning on stadium big screen and monitors. This seems to be becoming a big problem.There are things that can be done to help prevent this in the future Duh.
Do Wish next!
It doesn't bother anyone that they mixed garlic sauce, chicken, bacon, cheese, and oil all in the same step?
Girls sugar and spice and everything nice.boys snakes snails and puppy dog tails.
Why is the audio only on one side?
Christian terrorist
Do people really not know this? They don't teach this is school anymore? I learned it and I went to school in Texas in the 2000's
You're skin is so beautiful!  I like to watch because of your sweet personality.
Cx
You jackass, it had nothing with evil morty.
did kevin Costner steal that line for his movie? If you build it, they will come
So glad she's back!!! Love her!
always killing it love!!!!!!!!!! you are something truly special and deserve every blessing coming your way!!! muahhz!!!! te amo! xoxo
When she said Adele 
This seems like a song that would be on a lyric prank video
Very cute and very interesting animals, watching a thousand times is still funny!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tO32_fd0MQ
If you think this is good you should see Margot Robbie in a bubble bath explain sub-prime mortgages from the same movie.
Do Oujia board nails on Friday the 13th!!!!! like if you wish to see this happen
Bro at the end was funny like fr bruh
BlackUp is always a no for me.
I like how they talked about Aric playing piano but the video of him playing was muted
Its your job to coach that issue... jesus this guy
http://checkgirlxxx.info/13_bimretug93.html
This tech reviewer has got to be the most ANNOYING AS FUCK.
I am sure he was sitting next to his friends and not commoners
So how do you know when it really breaks
KJ is so good looking
She's not that hot. Maybe like an 8.
It is a scam, it's especially a scam perpetuated by white america to keep minority's docile and placate to white ameriKKKa.
Beetlejuice got bars bro hahaha
So I'm guessing none of them were born blind, because they wouldn't even be able to know what colors look like.......
He talks like kardashian 
Russia life insurance payment cost is cheapest paid for victims in Russia . That is why accident occurs so often !
when the other guy was like no...no! I lost it 
Desfile
Anyone have a link to the oem kernel dump? I missed that step and I need to flash back to original
Not a bad way to go out, a huge ovation at the Hollywood Bowl. Nobody lives forever.
I was already really super excited for fall and then I watched this and I'm even MORE excited for fall!!!!! Thank you Casey!! Now I'm probably going to go to B&BW for candles... (when they're on sale of course) :)
Amazingggggggg
YEEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSS BITCH!!!!
Katy Perry I Love You
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=22141
thank you for sharing this, thats honestly all I can say because this really touched me.
Distracted by how SHINY Lauren's hair is! Damnnn! <3
Infinite wishes
I promise, we will work together Sam #MandelaGuevara coming broth
Your buttery voice tho 
Thanks Blake Shelton for another great song!
Run The Jewels next. 
The first one reminds me of beast boy from teen Titans. Thee smallest one reminds me of Jaba the hut from Star Wars
IT'S PENNY WISE THE CLOWN
I had a different brain surgery
I guess they arent making any money on tour...
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. \nPlease come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has.\nPlease come see and help me share it with others. \nThere's HOPE!\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
i want you back in SMOSH!!!!!
WHERES CHRISTOPHER NOLAN !!!
Who else wanted a child and now doesnt wanna be apart of that shit
Just been reading up on how you caught that KGB hacker 30 years ago. Brilliant stuff. Well Done.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy
I think, like SciShow Space and SciShow Psych, there should be a SciShow based around technology!\nI'd love to learn about Computer Science though SciShow!
Dead Mexicans, it's a time for fucking celebration!
She's really sweet
me too honestly
he's soo good i'll get jealous if anybody wants him too
watch my music remix https://youtu.be/oEnVEqf82QY
They would have kneeled during the national anthem anyway its good that they're out.
MITCHY BRINING BACK THE STACHE
COOL
Excellent !!!!
I hope this criminal gets felony reisting arrest W/ Violence.\n*FACT,She is violently resisting instructions thus forcing the authorities to place hands on her..\nThis is the problem with Entitled people..\n*Mid 1990's when I got a DUI and I said why r you doing this, and they physically (3 cops) forced me intoi handcuffs and backseat etc= even though I didn't throw punches or kicks etc= FACT= it was resisting w/ violence...\nThey dropped that charge as it was a felony but it was scary....\n\nI just wanted to explain that the  with violence part doesn't mean actual fighting,,it means you ignore instructions and refuse to move/physically cooperate...This is crystal clear to me, My typing is not. sorry bout that...\nit just hits a nerve and bothers me how this woman knew she was being removed and pretended to be shocked/confused...\nand now playinh the victim card...
Can echo what you guys mentioned.  I had a hard pregnancy myself, but because it was so hard, I loved my baby and my husband so much more.  Thanks so much for sharing!  It's so important for the husband to also express his emotions and all too!!!
He's  Under Developed HUD
Lol those two penguins/seals at 2:00
Gas all nu males
So trash
When they put the casing on the sausage stuffer it reminded my of putting on a condom.
This is hilarious!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wooooooooow this crazy 
Lilly I am doing my school project on you and why you changed the world
You are so gorgeous!!!
Title should be 0-403-0 Kph.
This doesn't even have earphone socket...
Error galaxy hopefully silk horn right eight crime.
I mean, to each there own, but I cant stand shit like this. Can we go back to the good ole days? Biggie, Mos Def, Deltron, MF Doom etc?
@ 0:32 he looks both ways hahaha
Soooooooooooo good
Your a wizard Dr. Who
glue gun waterfalls or I will
Looks amazing to me
Kocham Was!!!! \nI love you!!!!
I find it hard to take you as being dope with braces.
Insanneeee
Your not funny anymore
I thought this song was called Apartments on Spotify lol
Do you guys know about the Dadbag??? A fanny pack that has a dadbod for a design?? I hope Saf tries it!!!
 
OK NICE NOW STRANGERS !!!!!!
I mean I love you
To all the And-1 ignoramuses out there, you can dominate a game without scoring a single point if you are a playmaker who gets everyone involved playing at their optimum.  Very few playmakers have ever been able to do this.  Not saying Teodosic is one of those guys who is able to do it; rather, making the point that, if you are that special a playmaker, you can dominate a game without scoring much.
I live next to Montreal like 30 minutes out of the city!!!:)
post notifications are ALWAYS on.
Learn to do a card spring
Folk music about the Jewish Genocide of Whites - www.JewishGenocideofWhites.com - the channel keeps getting banned by youtube
This needs to be a weekly segment!
YES you know EVELYN
oh god these videos are so funny i literally laugh out loud !!!
Waiting for Honor 8 Pro Durability test
stream of consciousness please tell us more about goose!
I remember Zoom!
Dear Nile, I am an 11 year old gymnast and just got a silver medal in a competition and I just wanted you to know that you are my sporting idol and that you are an amazing inspiration to me and you are a positive role model to anyone. Your talent is impeccable so keep it up!PS: I am apart of the body bible fitness group!
I think I broke the replay button....
Beautiful video thanks for sharing!!
Fast forward to. Bear killed. Dash cam vid!
Use of Alcohol, Tobacco?? In GT?
The Best...
@sharmander @taylorr you should visit this place :)
why is there a second official video? \nStill, James Blunt is Life!
Well this looks fucking stupid
#TSRealAnime\nA high school student becomes part of a research group that investigate paranormal activities. (Ghost Hunt)
kendall is the cutest thing ever...
I honestly didn't think it wasn't Rihanna until the actual makeup session started.
Autumn and hazel the good ones
life noggin, i got a question how do we burn to death?
You could spend all this money or you could just wait for PS5 and buy an external SSD drive so it will work on both when you upgrade!
Bruno
Whats inside a printer
This is just dark
ASMR on trending!?!? 
I hope it's more grittier than Daredevil. Kind of like Logan, for example. And Frank Castle, aka The Punisher, seems more like a foul mouthed vigilante hero, if you know what I mean.
Brad, Sausage Guy, and Vinny need their own Threes Company sitcom
And
This proves nothing about that knife. A regular every day kitchen table spoon can split a 9mm... balloons were a nice touch
Okay, I would pay you to do a full analysis like this of your favorite movie. These videos are insane.
I've done that flight a couple times but like a normal being 
great people...bless you all!
12:53 John Wayne Gacy? Didn't he also receive a presidential pardon from George Bush?
The was BEAUTIFUL AND EVERYTHING I NEEDED. THANK YOU CUZ.
Sou ateu mas curto demais
Love 
This song is so reletable.
I see a strange similarity between this movie and The Book Of Life.
Why are you guys so brave, and I'm hiding under my blanket because of Dora and Barney?
Dam my heart right now is just broken and I know many others feel the same way but god every time I listen to this song it just gives me chills and makes me cry to see another legend pass away into the consuming darkness of depression. Chester was the most inspirational musician I have ever listened to and to see him sadly take his own life hurts me and I know again I'm not the only one but god I remember when me and my bros did a talent show for him when hybrid theory came out it was great. And the worst part I never gtg to any of his concerts and that just hurts me the most because I was planning on going but after I heard the news I just broke down. Chester where ever you are and if you some how see this I hope you rest easy friend and we all thank you for your talented beautiful voice. May you rock in paradise bro . Oh and btw for all of you negative assholes who want to talk shit fuck off it ain't cute or funny.
So i would guess this is a nerly fully deaf baby who Got her hearing back... nerly the same happened to me when i was a child. I just had it for 3 years and it was being under Water the whole time for me. The downside for me was i nerly couldn't sleep for the pain in my ears and the doctors were in general to late to find it. I even Got diagnosed with autism becaurse i hadn't learned to talk by then. At least after they found out the problem they Quickly fixed it. Still to late in my book and my parents but it all Went Well anyway.\nits good to see others being treated for it and they too gets Their hearing back!
unique in this music industry
He's coming in 1 december to Lebanon and I'm going 
I'll pass
i feel like she's the most sincere artist in today's industry and the more she shows us her own unique world and shares her lifestyle with us by her music and interviews and stuff, the more she opens my mind with her opinions and makes me admire how smart and beautiful spirited she really is. she deserves all the respect in the world by encouraging people to try to make our world a better place and changing many lives with her genuine art.
In Singapore, we love to dip our fries to the hot fudge sundae. Quite similar
dude why have you not made the sandvich from tf2
Bullshit Ferguson that bastard.tried to murder a cop.
I cried ... omg  this is so deep I appreciate you for making this for us it means so much . I lost my best friend she was killed but I do feel her here and it was so hard to let her go .. I even tried to go with her.. but we cant die until we get it right .......
Ive been there
I think gorge to did you see the movie.  my favorite candy is Hershey
i love this look like i would where this out in puplice i just don't like the eye brows
why do i love this crusty musty pasty canadian moose hoe so fucking much
beautiful song
I understand what would make everyone mad, but I really don't think their intention was to portray that woman as anything bad. Especially since the Caucasian lady turned into a Latino/dark haired woman, too. I think they were trying to show unity or something, idk, I'm not offended by it.
This show is Fucking terrible and should be killed off thank you for reading this\n\n\n\nFaggot
I loved!
Pleas do one for Bendy and the Ink Machine. :D
If I was All, my go-to would've been the hoedown throw down.
75 is the new 60!
He is so cute
roman it's ok we are your family ok roman just smile and a have good life ok smile more
Dirty player
You are an amazing singer and im so happy that i came across you and you are just so amazing to listen to
Who remembers a couple of years ago with grace doing Halloween dress ups... WHO ARE YOUU?
You are SO cute with that makeup
Dear Kate plus eight
Looks good! 
I'm pretty sure pink is a dude
Rising Star
Holy shit, he talks so fast. I remember about 4-3 months ago he barely talked at all. Now it's like he has ADD shit. I barely understood most of the things he was saying. James you need to slow down your talking dude. Take a deep breath and talk normal. Made my head spin. #wherestheritalin lol
stop with the fake laughs
780 Trump supporters disliked this video.
She wants to act again...CAMP ROCK 3 PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Reddit
This song different.... *strokes da beard* I like dat!
British people need guns,.. \n\nMercia!!!
It's Kevin!!!
U go girl!!!
God! Thank  goodness you're back! :)) (Someone has to save Music.)
first we feast can you guys get a new host ! Sean Evans does everyone's heads in
Thought CollegeHumor would go libertarian there for a second \nBut no they're still dirty statists
I just woke up and  my daughter had left this video open on my laptop. My first thought was who the fuck is, this?  Then my second thought, I need to be friends with them.  Third, I went searching for that Charlotte Tilbury .  You go a new 47 year old fan who is now going to binge all your vids.  PS lets be friends,  for real.
My favourite one so far!
*ERROR.EXE* file name: crazy lady not found. *Waves machete and handgun* FILE FOUND.
If this movie is going to be as good as the music, I'll pass...
OMG YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cannot wait for January 26, 2018!!!!!!
Rappers have been singing Donald Trump praises 67 times for 25+ years. Now they mostly all side with the MAN ( the ESTABLISHMENT, GLOBALIST, LIBERAL ELITISTS) What a joke, they mostly look and act like fools.
Good job oculus!
Hi ! I saw that you have shaw a lot the LG v30 in this video ! Is a coincidence ? ^^ Simple question: Which camera do you think is the best? The Pixel 2 XL or the LG v30 ? Is it possible to make a new blind test including this 2 new phones ?\nAll the best !
He's literally looking for a reason to cry wolf
I saw them in concert two weeks ago. There love is sooo amazing  they played some of there new songs two.
ey that's my name!
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=90308
its a go green commercial

Ok i got go now lemme get my velcro shoes and my velcro wallet and my velcro socks and my velcro car and my velcro jacket
iP8 vs iP7 iOS 10.x Speed Test
I wish I could buy wet n wild products !
i don't believe in the conspiracy, it might play a small part  but its probably cats because tribes helped them cause the kill mice that eat grain, so they were a support class but not any more.
Good by tommy you hearts
Kid sees buttons...refuses to press buttons
I would go back to 9/11 and turn the plane around so it will hit North Korea#YIAYtime
OFF! SET!
Girls can do anything 
Omg yessss. Cant wait till it comes out. He just gives me life
Her shirt say Red bull ,but in Thai language .
Wait. what 
Plagueis isn't a alien. Nobody knows what he looks like. The book that explained that is Legends.
I have a strange premonition/feeling that it's gonna bankrupt in 2025... And everybody's gonna' help, but either way - it's gonna' be a downfall for all helpers.
lo que las canchas callan
Without anthony you died
the black guy doing the guessing is super cute, what's his number? lol
LARSEN OMG I FEEL LIKE A PROUD MOM
who also played the song slow to learn the foot movement
0:44 look at this guy ahahahahah
Proof celebrities need to make less so they aren't so pretentious
You ass hole supporting rape
Good ol Chepster Bentlington.
Oh see, once again, I'm African American LOL
As much as i appreciate the work you guys have put into making this series one of the best of all time, I really cannot understand why you wasted your budget on a polar bear Wight.  What you could have done with all that money is:\n- Get Ghost back (at least a couple scenes)\n-10 episodes\n-More and better Jon and Dany scenes\nI hope you get your priorities straight before s8 or Game of Thrones will be yet another series that fell victim to the money trap.\nPs while the episodes of s8 all being feature length is great and all, keep in mind you still have a story to tell.
Comment cause you asked for it xx
How does it feel on your face ?
i thought peri peri was like spanish or something lol......didnt know nandos created that bc i see peri peri in a lot of places not just nandos
Oh, I thought this was an image of a quarts
yes your parrot can eat mash patatos is good for them
Luigi god his name from GASP LEO LAIGI LUIGI
Reminds me of how the cataclysm affected Azeroth. Even though that's just a video game and this is real, it's scary to see that this much damage can happen!
Logan I know why you said come thru because Jake made a song called come thru
Amazing!! I loved the spiderweb bit 
What
2:37 I feel like this is me in the future
Beautiful Black Queen
Voted Lindsay & Mark!!! I want them to win sooooo bad!!!!
Whats in your pants Jimmy?  You hypocrite.
YouTube please stop putting videos on trending that have less views
Stephen Colbert. speak again. everyone  run over and jack off in a circle to the sirens.
26 on trending, YES ALISHA!!
Can you please do a fairy tutorial!!
Awesome.
Hahahahaha you're the funniest
Two words:JUST BEAUTIFUL.
woah fidget spinner buffer
The Dutchess has returned. 
Seriously bro,  damm gd video.... yes no need to unbox which u already have done before
That Red Hot Chili Peppers poser deserves the bullying.
go steve, great pickin
2 Balloons, 1 Knife, 1 Pellet should be a thing
Moth superior race
Don't u guys miss oversized polo shirts ?
I don't agree with what Sean Spicer stands for politically, but I am happy he did get out and is in a better place. That is important.
Such a teasa
@caseyneistat I think you should read a book by Christopher McDougall Born to run
He rocks the supreme x lv tee
am i the only person who think he is kind of creepy???
i thought that said replicants
How millenials react to moving out
Nooooo that stashhhhh!!!
How do we know that 99.99% of the mass of our solar system is in the Sun?
I WANT MCDONALD'S NOW SO BAD BUT ITS NOT IN SPAIN
She looks like saying  could you just shut up for me to finish one sentence.
The best
Disney World is better than Disneyland sorry been to both way more to do in Disney World
mannnnnn i am feeling that hair color on you !!!!
Damn she looks hotter everyday
Pray for the Mexicans girls, animals and kids... And others.
2000th liker
Great as always. Brother, Father, Friend Mozz....
The fire!!!! Ahhhhagg!!!!!! Great!! This sounds pretty good! It's amazing!
TOM MAY YOU   R.I.P.,  MY FRIEND,  THE MUSIC THAT YOU MADE FOR 40 YEARS ALWAYS MADE ME FEEL GOOD, YOU WERE A SPECIAL PERSON,  NEVER HAD A BIG HEAD WHEN YOU BECAME FAMOUS, YOU REMAINED A REGULAR KIND OF GUY.. MY CONDOLENCES GO OUT TO YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS,  YOU WILL BE MISSED FOREVER,  BUT WE HAVE VIDEOS AND MUSIC WHENEVER WE WANT SOME TOM PETTY... THIS IS JUST SHOCKING,  CHEERS TOM,  COUSIN FIGEL
Song??
I really can't wait for this to start!!  I really need a few laughs and it looks like I'll get that and more with Will and Grace back on the air!!
Holy shit Cameronnnnn
Low key thought we were going to lose.
People, he's AMERICAN, if he wanted to use metric, he would have, but he clearly doesn't want to. Also, are literally 6.9 billion people too lazy to do the conversion themselves?
2 beautiful ladies 
Practice makes perfect! Thank for releasing this you guys are awesome
Is that Tim Jones???? I know him!
save nani, beaten dog that needs your help to be able to play again\n gofundme.com/c262qs-save-nani
Yet Hollywood claimed they knew nothing....nothing.
Omll twoo of my fave cheekaaaass omll xxx dieing to see Season 2 of Riverdale
So you sold oxinigga
Why couldn't this have been uploaded last week, i got tested on this on monday for my abnormal psych class
Not nearly dark enough.
I remember when he was running around our islands. Im sure that bastard stole my bike 
Anyone else getting a chappie vibe?
6 minutes and 15 seconds?!?!  Damn I wouldn't even finish a Large Fry
Can you put out the fire in my wifes head?
Hey I can I please get one of ur psvitas

Do another house tour
Wow.different concept !!!!
WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR CONTACTS ?!
Finna jump in a pool of radioactive isotopes, and horrible toxic chemicals
They're in Times Square... 0 chance any of these people are new yorkers
So in other words, everytime I use my inhaler, I'm inhaling meth?
Living in small town N.C. We know most of the people & it's easy to know if it's really their crops. Also, belong to a co-op. You recognize the names & I look for certain peoples items.
Her mother got hit by a pirate ship owo
you mean they attacked the legends not eliminate
Didn't bother watching Emmy's. Nothing but President Trump bashing. Getting real old.
the terrain is ugly will...no trees...tsk tsk
im\ns h o o k e t h
Japanese would be smart to kick him out
It's not Mark this time !
Yolanda's pumpkin spice costume at the beginning is an excellent costume idea for us lazy folks 
Spend a night underneath a car !!!!!!
This is ridiculously good. Like, holy shit, bro. Why haven't I seen this earlier?
  ,_,
Im early
There go my dreams of a traveling willburys reunion
a
Fergie looks like Madonna
I need this in my life
Mmmmmmmm
It didnt count
They should do a theory on how the four founders (Rowena Ravenclaw, Salazar Slytherin, Godric Griffindor, and Helga Hufflepuff) met
Ily soooo much Lele!!
If Apple made a car..\nWould it have Windows?\n\n\n\nIll go home
It's like bilbo baggin's house
Please make a video with liza koshy
A few months is like years for us. It's a good thing dogs live in the moment at all times.
Nas dance so funny
Flashbacks to Warm Smiles <3
Fuck that tramp of a wife. Her vag is probably as rubbery as the frozen fish.
Love that your just as equally excited about essence as you were about Marc jacobs
So glad this season is gonna be lighter and not so dark like previous seasons
So is Gabbie going to falsely accuse somebody of rape soon? Lets not forget when this lying POS falsely accused Ricegum of hitting her. Once a psychopath always a psychopath. She couldn't face being humiliated by having her phone destroyed, so she played the false victim-hood card. Women like this are truly disgusting.
It's hard to tell where his tie begins and the shirt ends.
Wow, this is miles better than Mexican Fender, Feels Like Summer and Beach Boys. This is exactly what Weezer should be aiming for - it sounds quite unlike their previous stuff, but is actually, y'know, GOOD.
This reminds me of Lisa Frank
Ok, I'm finally going to get my hands on this palette!! I have a suggestion/request... Could you do a video using your palette with different eye colors? Which colors work best for different eye colors? Thanks girl! I'll keep tuning in :)
Scrolled through trending looking for iDubbz and accidentally clicked this.
I want just you and Ian to do videos like the good ol days
Awwww there little feet
this its live baby lol Chris u got it u still got it
Chemotherapy should already be illegal, but its not. Many Americans dont even know that the success rate of chemo is only 2.3% and failing to overcome cancer sits at 97.7% on average. 75% of oncologists and also general doctors wouldnt recommend chemotherapy to a family member, and they wouldnt do it themselves either. So it leaves us wondering why others need to go through chemo if doctors wouldnt go near it.\n\nWhat happens with chemo is that it turns the body more acid and because of that, more cancer cells can thrive. It could kill the ones the patients already have, but it sets the right environment for other cancer cells to multiply.\n\nChemotherapy kills good gut bacteria and lowers human immunity. Doing so, the person loses their ability to fight cancer and even other diseases. A good analogy to explain how chemotherapy works is to imagine that you are in a swimming pool, and someone dumps a ton of toxic pesticide next to you just to kill a few bugs in the water.
What no trump slams lol\n#jumpthesharkjimmy
The best way to feel better about your situation is to do something selfless for someone else.
Learn how to barspin on bmx or mtb
It's gonna get bombed 
I'm gonna need those pants from TopShop
Gold trust rage xrpsykx for already knife complaint depict.
Dude's like this never like black women.
Those slight dum dum in the background made this eerie in the best way possible
i know one thing he cant ruin... his obesity
The net bed wins!
Miley has the best Tattoos 
What if he drank lava? Or super glue?
HARVEY WEINSTEIN IS A SWELL GUY TOO!
damn nigga are u a doctor or what?
very good!!!! ever sucess!!!
I know a guy who likes Golfs
what the movie at 7:02
Cardi b!  My bytch...
*polite laughter*
If the car is at rest, is it better to be in gear or neutral?
jheez that looks good
Marques its good to see that you can be objective. Now since 2017 is almost over and like it or not Bluetooth headphones are going to replace your beloved wires it would be nice to see you tech Pros start to review more Bluetooth headphones and speakers as they are clearly part of the new future.
#BirdGang
Just tazer her next time. Make it easier.
Dont understand how people like this shit
These guys know how to set priorities 
HAHAHA!
Where is cole
Can You do another Best crew video
Take a shot every time Jeffree touches his hair. 
another hoax no1 died, idiots
I pray for everyone to be safe and not go anywhere near the damages or broken glass
Rio The Best (no George) ))
This should so be a thing
I love how Rachel was the third wheel instead of Cameron
We will, we will, rock you
Ffs
Damn.... AW is on complete FIRE !!!!
It was a good fight.. bad ruling
Lol werth cant catch for shit
U.S Military: YES we'll take a million.
My legs broke ahh XDDD
Just added this restaurant to my bucket list!!!!!!
hey I'm crying
Fake news fake views
DAVID FLIPPING DOBRIK!!
Dats my name-Heaven
Well that was Wack my Mom rhyms better then Old Grandpa here
I would love to do a Yachty Collab! Look at my covers and message me if youre interested :)
This is the sponsored content I'm HERE FOR
I think i just had _fun_ getting *educated.* tf?\n\n     Also, I want to answer the trait question myself. I personally believe the trait humans should forget/lose should be sin. This *is* a religious  (and probably very controversial) answer, but if you have and church or bible studies, go back to Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden. Before, the humans and human race (of two beings) were perfect, as such the world too. When Eve took a bite of the apple, sin entered our bodies and lives. My school's chapel actually covered this two weeks ago. A few prime examples of this include Adam and Eve's son (I forgot the name, sorry) killed his brother over jealousy. That's two sins for the price of one basically. Another is that you know when toddlers or young children in general say mine? You don't need to teach them that. It's melted in their minds when they're born. \n     Thanks for reading my excessively long and boring speech. I do not feel I should have taken the time to type it, but I did so anyways.
Wow
You overanalyzing simplistic claptrap.
HE IS SO HOTTTTT
Your eyes are the besstttt 
Please do more like this and do slow cooker stuff too!
This is talent
OH MY GOD this is just FUCKING AMAZING!! This song bring me an orgasm, I'm in love 
FUck that was actually sad
Just what Florida/Tampa needs. Hope everyone finds a safe place to stay while Irma passes.
Dude needs some psychological help. If he thought he had HIV that is very scarey
This song is perfect!
Rest in peace brother .
Learn how to play the cajon!
I like all of this except the extremely annoying commentary..  Wow..not funny and just obnoxious. Food looked amazing though.
Amazing; dont care what Mel said
You guys can we get #transleaders trending on twitter since the nfl doesn't allow any trans female cheerleaders
Favorite video of the year.
She has big pretty eyes
This song has an eerie tone to it but I really like it haha.
Mulher, pise menos
Good video.
Hey tay
Brazil shirt 
All those trees will grow back. Stop wasting resources America. \nWhat? You water your stupid lawns all day and wonder why the outlying ground has turned to tinder? THINK! I'm sorry for those who died, but I bet most are just ordinary folk... Not twenty acre rich bastards with sprinkler systems that could turn desert to pasture. Unbelievable.
Delightful.
Well done
Fucking OSu 
Who's here under 3 million views?
Ryan higa video in a different form
Rey turning to the dark side and Kylo turning good would be the best double-turn since Bret Hart and Steve Austin!
I can't believe how bad is this shit omg
Hi Jemma, I am sure this will also be another big hit but I dont think I have quite enough Golden Syrup. I wish I knew why this was such a difficult item to find here in the USA, the same with Clotted Cream. You would think it was a State Secret! The last time I was in Ireland, I just happened to bring 2 jars of it Home along with a couple packages of REAL SCONES! The scones made here are just biscuits, even the ones at the famous State Fair in Washington. I think they pass as a scone because most Americans havent had a true Irish Scone or even British scone for that matter! They dont know what to look for in texture or taste. It is my goal to get a true Irish Scone into the hand of every person in the State of Washington, (I dont want to be greedy and say the world, at least until the state is fulfilled then I will move forward from there) hehee. Must make realistic goals right, I mean look at you? You did it! Quite Impressive! I am awaiting an invite to visit to tour your facility and work with you and learn from you and your friends (employees) it would be great craic when and if I came home!
Iphone Xpensive
It's gotta be Vince Offer
His music gets better and better
Still working on the dematerializing part, eh?
In the beginning it sounds like a pitchfork mob shouting crazy things like Get back demon! The power of Christ compels you!
she laid 2 eggs
I forgot about this.  takes too damn long and it's damn short.
Music?
He is as dark as Africans.
When a man gets removed from a plane the internet goes full witch hunt on the company for a week\n\nWhen it's a woman, she asked for it.
So excited you made the video.. you're so pretty. I think the foundation is too dark, but you made it work 
her shoes at 1:19 
A couple of months and my mom passed,  june to august 27th its officially been a year and god it hurts because i wish she could have been like that, but it was also cancer and in the end she couldnt talk, had to have socks on her hands so she wouldn't take her oxygen mask off, it still feels so real, the nights i spent watching her from 11pm to 8am no sleep i stayed by her side listening to her rattling as she slept and i don't know why but this year is a lot harder for me and i cant focus on anything, ive been told multiple times to stop grieving because i should be past it but. That was my mom. She wanted me to get a degree but i can't do anything in my classes but cry and because of it my sister who i'm living with may kick me out. It's all so surreal I keep telling everyone I know like it's not real, that she won't kick me out but. Life is so. Horrible sometimes. I just hope that in the future I can be stable and have my own place with my partner, that's all I ask for. Anyways, if ya'll read this thanks sorry for spilling my beans like you guys are my close friends lol, i hope you all have a good day though
Thank you Cassini, you've expanded our minds for ever more!
Love the art style!
Do we have free will or are we predetermined.... does it matter?
So, so true. Blessed Be my furry friends. Some day we all shall meet again. I love each & every one of yr cartoon critters. U perfectly capture their essential spirit, awa their p.o.v. I particularly enjoy the it's their world, really, &we're just along for the ride, w/their permission, that is realization that comes thru when it's all said & done. We try to act all stern & head-of-household w/them, but deep down, we all know we're completely smitten & would jump thru a field of hoops for just one kitty kiss or outstretched puppy paw against our cheek. Who's really the pet, I wonder? I don't see them fawning over/cleaning up after us. I have always had a true & honest love & respect for our animal friends. They really oftentimes are more kindred to me than my own family/human companions. And they don't judge, so long as u care for them proper. I joke, but it's a win-win, really. Simon's Cat forever reminds me of this.
Lucky for all viewers I can translate Laos language....He is saying....run fuckers and I'm glad I am on high ground
No headphone jack?\nFuck that
SHE IS SUCH A QUEEN
You should film it again with a proper video camera that has a so-called global shutter - your problems should be gone.
Scult the Female Titan
Love this song!! And his voice 
#PLAYtime I'd go back to when you were making Handy Pen and convince you to put it on some other video sharing website, thus making that site popular and successfully avoiding the extremely sky net-like employees of youtube from ever getting employed
Sooooooooo damn exited for this..... 
https://youtu.be/2or53b3mDPE
A moment of slience for chef mic

Its been a while
this guy could be another tony parker in the making...
Look how tight his leash is in the thumbnail....
Should I like Puerto Rico or\nBrazil?
Your going to get IT
Notification Squad
Fair warning to those about to wade into the comments: no matter what you believe, bring popcorn and a barf bag.\n\n\n\n\nAlso, let's assume that most the soldiers fighting on either side didn't really care about slavery. For the north, they fought because they were part of the military and that was their job (or for the african-american divisions post Emanc.-Proc. for their freedom). For the south, most of them fought because their leadership convinced them that it was the only way. Most of these people were not slave owners.\n\nFair enough, no?\n\nBut, whatever you say about the ordinary soldiers, for the civilian leadership and at least some of the military leadership of the Confederacy, it was about separating from the north so they could practice slavery in peace without the north constantly complaining about it. For them, it was about slavery. Or, before you say state's rights, the right of their states to practice slavery. \n\nTo quote the current administration: That's a fact, and you will not deny it.\n\nYou shouldn't sanitize history. It happened, you can't change it. But, we all know that we can change the way it's remembered, and move confederate history to museums. That's where most of the Union stuff already is. Sorry southerners, but since you lost the war, your ancestors that fought for the Confederacy were traitors, in its most literal definition. There are plenty of other wonderful things the south has given us that don't involve systemic racism whose death throes are still felt even today.\n\nOr, if you must have military leaders, here are some better ideas that will offend probably no one in significant numbers:\n\nArkansas: Douglas MacArthur, WW2/Korea five star general.\n\nMissouri: Omar Bradley, WW2 five star general. John Pershing, WW1 six star general (a rank he shares only with George Washington! Be fucking proud of this guy, Washington was only given it posthumously, Pershing got it while in action).\n\nTexas: Chester Nimitz, WW2 five star admiral (whose grandfather fought for the confederacy).\n\nOklahoma: Ira C. Eaker, WW2 five star air force general.\n\nWest Virginia: Newton Baker, WW1 secretary of war (whose father was a confederate cavalryman).\n\nLike, Kentucky, put up a statue of Col. Sanders in gold plating. You know you want to. Pretty please with a cherry on top?
NEWDAY!!!!!!!
ROMNIA LIKEEEE ! 
That's how you do a hot ones interview
Hi sexx deer, send vagena pics plz\nNo cloth on
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww
fucK release the movie bitches
This is so fricking epic
Food Fight live action sequel
17Th trending in indonesia
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON HALLOWEEN HOW COOL IS THAT
https://www.ticketsnow.com/NBA/resaleorder/Order?ticketId=248862211&quantity=2&productionID=2179621\n\nGET YOUR TICKETS FOR THE HOME GAME MONDAY!
I can't get over how good your ACTING is with these puppets. I want a bug puppet so dang much, and this is a great way to show off its character and versatility! great work.
Soooooooo, they made it a comedy?
Many ppl don't like nicki but I like her flow she always enjoy her job
The song is great but the video is inappropriate and I hope you never get sexy girls again; cause you are the best!!!
This warmed my heart.
Lily looks really pretty in this vid
#teamboth
The new Star Wars is looking great!
Jamie Foxx
Free catalonia! From Indonesia 
does anyone know where the judges said she made a mistake?
So so cool......I'm a professional Graffiti artist based in the Uk and Ive just spent the day painting the wall and front of a flat boring bar in a nightclub  to look like riveted sheet iron that's all dirty,rusted and dented ..I work freehand with spraypaint and I know for a fact I could do this type of thing on movie sets ..I'd love to paint a vehicle or something for something as timeless as a Bladerunner movie.....Any production / Set designers out there ? Give me a shout.... Insta- @Hull_Graffiti  -  Si2ttk@Gmail.com  -  fb/Nick Horsfiled
Yea THE WORLD IS THE WORST WE'VE EVER SEEN, tell that to the people of europe in the 40's. Such liberal bullshit
My boyfriend didnt know this was a parody and hes like wow this is the only one Ive heard that actually sounds good! And I laughed so hard lol. Hes right tho.
Also now you have cancer\n\n\n\n\nBecause of the radiation. What did you think I meant?
Omg fucking good song
North Korea is building a Deep Gateway to Uranus as we speak, or so I heard.
You are such a gift. Excited to start the new show :D Hope you're still going to be putting out your weekly stuff too. Love watching you cook and the commentary is always on point
Special Report Air Date: Monday, May 19,\n2008 Banish the Bra including how tight the bras Reported by: john kuzmeski\nProducer: Kelly Henry bras wearing give heart attack back bone a link bra tight\nwearing Communication bra. young adulthood hutches bra there no judgments go\nbraless Once considered a necessary undergarment, bras today lend more than\njust support become a fashion statement! medical creepers say the bra you wear\nhealth! 7's Sophisticated Band together possible link between bras breast\ncancer. News No longer just hidden under shirts, Victoria's Secret brought bra\nopen, making it a real fashion statement. woman's bra be dangerous health?\nOur research bras issue, leading cause breast cancer, hart believes\nis a link between breast cancer and bras. In fact, breast disease ignores\nbras ignoring study involving breast cancer. past behavior, including how tight\nbras news no bras wearing
I was late
Tbh dang this blew my mind
I didn't see Curry playing much D.
Samantha bee is a humorless hack fraud.
bloody hell
Why do you hate the name steve
I ship john cena and alexa bliss
#yiaybasic I went to Starbucks and snap chatted it.
Any small YouTubers want to help support eachother subscribe to our channel and we will SUBSCRIBE back immediately
Unlike most singers, years pass and you keep being  amazing!!
 THE POLKA HAS ME DEAD
YOOO SAYWORD CHERLY'S A YOUTUBER. Deadass tho, Madelaine great stuff! Looking forward to checking out your vids
UOW! AMAZING!
I can only watch your videos when I'm eating because I get so hungry watching you
Look up Aleksandr Dugin. It will all make sense.
Austin Is Awesome
What an idiot!!
Dam girl Looks Dotarded 
OMG Superman's back what a surprise O.O\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSaid no one ever...
Love this ad!
The style and tone seems The Handmaid's Tale-ish (which is a good thing).
So y'all just gonna ignore the fact that android already had most of these new features and wank off to iPhone?
We definitely need more mental health visibility and funding in this country, especially for eating disorders. The fact that there were no beds available in eating disorder units in the ENTIRE of England is appalling.
Can u review fenty beaity
Dear Hate, my life is complete. This song is enough to make me cry. (Like any other song!) Dear Love, Maren is my favorite and this is my new favorite song.
This video makes sense
Feel's like strong spirit while i hear danny worsnop screaming again ,good luck Asking you didn't wrong chose a legend to be
Issa dadddy
I was about to cry. You can't do that, you just don't dooooo that
So we're all just gonna ignore the fact that he's wearing a scouter in the thumbnail?
Soooooo... you couldn't just drop the word permaculture ANYWHERE in the video to raise awareness that the futuristic solution you're talking about already exists???
They're different, and I feel iffy about them, but I guess it doesn't mean they're bad. It's just a reflection of contemporary culture. \n\nMuseum of ice cream looks more like the museum of ice cream toppings though... I don't see anyone actually learning about ice cream there lol
Wait... is that place Poquito Mas?
Karl Marx Ave. ah Soviet Union
OMG. I get it. These have got to be bots.
It would've been amazing if she sang the lyrics 
Its for selena
Dope
set up, security was involved
*Hannah* !!!! \n\nThis was so inspiring and amazing!\nThe content was beautiful and important.\nBut, your response to a possibility dramatic situation was so mature and  and intelligent and productive and healthy. \nI know that's a lot of adjectives but we need more content like this in the world\n\nThanks for existing!!
Fresh off the boat anyone ?
LUKE EVANS MY LORD! He can sing holllaaayyyy
Why do women think they don't have to obey rules .... ? Almost like they think they are entitled or some shit.
Perfect
Does anyone think she looks like Alissa Violet ... Just a bit .. no? Mkay..
Fascinating.
Oh how about the new Thor movie  that would be awesome like if you agree
Pointless
You know... the worse part about the Japanese Unit 731 was, most of those directly involved, avoided any form of punishment. The Americans wanted their research data and so those Unit 731 members are secretly taken away by the US army, and for all the talks and trials for justices in Europe, some of the worse war criminals in Asia got away.
That laugh close to the end
its a great song i love it
love Russians
This looks like an awesome exercise! Happy Friday ladies, hope you have a great weekend!! 
A younger version of Charles Barkley.

I house number 4
Or it's a convoluted plot in a fantasy book made for teenagers. It wouldn't make a good video, but that's what I'm putting my money on.
Microsoft working hard to release its apps to chrome OS and Google does nothing to bring its apps to Windows 10 store
Whenever she mentions Malta I keep on thinking of that drink in that beer looking bottle. Anyone?  (No disrespect to the country)
I thought there was only 195 countries?
Miranda in some moments reminds me Janice on the sitcom Friends
Why does Mel B look likes she's trying to impersonate Storm?
It looks cute
Demiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Hows that racist? Lol, look up the definition of racist; where the person feels their race is more superior than another.
Ci manchi George e voglio parlare di te al presente perch la tua musica  vita e sei vivo nei nostri cuori. Il ricordo di te resta e rester incancellabile.
Cool event!!! I would of liked to go.
Can you believe glennon is making what Brady makes this year...
Her forehead tho
Learn to 3 d print Teflon\nIf wire air gap isn't .250 inch you are being hold back
i know what a VCR is and im a teenager
Delicious bean water  mandatory tip\n\nAm I the only one who noticed
I want my Army!
God I love these videos. GoPro's best yet!
Fucking redneck retard
DAFUQ IS WRONG WITH YOUR FACE
Taxation is theft.
For me this was one of your best videos.
Y r u not fat
What was your reaction to the shield getting back together? Love you 
The Best
OH MY GOD ITS JANET FROM THE GOOD PLACE I LOVE THIS VIDEO ALREADY AND THE SONG HASNT EVEN STARTED YET
Charlie puth 
But it could be fun though, it could be
Colon Kaeperdick is a fucking moron!
LOL HOLY SHIT I came here to bash this cunt but a I see that has been handled... Carry on America let her know where she belongs.
I had to write this algorithm for one of my CS classes...using ADA.
Can anyone tell me if it hit Wicklow, my mom was from there
React to nf perception!
Talk to my boy Elon, his little company made a space suit too.
his name needs to be Ko-FINE!!!!
*come for the Hannah*\n*stay for the more Hannah*
DAKOTA 
Funny stuff--Dems are a perfect party to cover for your deviancy.
Julian's passion for jokes...I can't 
Threath such as Russia... realy?? What about threath such as US?? You are so bias.\nAs I remember only country in the world that used nukes against humanity is US!!!
And people complained about BvS is too dark...
DON'T CLICK READ MORE IF YOU HATE PERSONAL ADVERTISING OR KSHMR Hey! Im a 21 y/o producer and I've just finished my new house track! I would love to hear your opinion :) https://soundcloud.com/rasmus-racca/neiked-sexual-racca-remix
cOREY IM S C R E AMING
Ban this Zionist jewish bitch gal gadot from hollywood...I hate Freaking zionist jews...Morons jews have occupied the land of Palestine and have been on killing their civilians since then and occupying more land!!! There is no Israel it's all Palestine's land.Zionists are a disease which should be controlled before it gets out of the hand.
Guitars 
Honestly, Earth started out pretty great ya know. And I am probably in the Minority when I say this, but having 9 Billion people in the world, maybe nearly 10 is to fucking much and honestly something needs to change, to cut down on people. IM SORRY. But having that many people is only gonna screw over everyone else, fuck future generations and basically leave less water and food for everyone. If we ever get to 9 Billion, fuck i wouldnt even care if it came to a World War. I would invite it. We would need to kill billions of people to get the world back to normal. Fuck having 9 Billion people in the world
Hey! I know that ladybug! His name is Jonathan!
How does your dog feel about this makeup? Is he like, freaked out?  xD
YouTube works so strangely...\nBut Im glad I got to see this video I learned helpful things and youre probably going to get some nice views
shame that the movie sucked though.
Can you please do a video about Hansen disease (leprosy)
why is it only new music that trends on YT, get some old music trending!
Not saying what weistein did was right, but we all kinda know that Hollywood doesn't lack actresses and weistein did not rape these people. The actresses weren't forced to have sex with him, it was a trade, though an unspoken, undesirable and despicable one, still a trade nonetheless. I mean, these actresses never had to have sex with weistein if they don't want him to help them get the job. \nIn the entertainment industry it has been quite normal for these types of trade to take place (Actresses actively seeking to sleep with directors and producers of gone with the wind back then for the lead role) and I gotta be honest, at least every actress who claimed to have had sex with weistein did get the job, as well as fame and money in the end, which implies he is actually a pretty fair person, there are producers who sleeps with actresses and still doesn't do what he or she promises. \nIt really just feel like accusing someone to be a sex offender after agreeing to have sex with said person for personal gains. Pretty gross. These actresses shouldn't be standing on the moral highs ground and pretend to be the victim.
THIS STEAK IS SO RAW, SUPREME LEADER SNOKE WANTS TO TRAIN IT TO USE THE FORCE!
what is white protein? Chicken and pork?  00:39
When have I ever been excited? -Dogman 
Yes ladies, play with knife... It's not like children watch you! XP
Bisgoat is fucking awesome...love his podcast...both guys are legends off the sport
Green Bay players are really cocky this cool.\nI like the Raiders this year though. They're tough.
I Iike drop 
Was she on the walking dead? That girl named Jessie I think....
Quantum Emotions
The dark side of MGMT
the mosquito getting attacked by the fungus was really cool
This game was trending
Waiting for Honor 8 Pro Durability test
wrong\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nthe bear was a paid actor
can't wait for the album, nice song
Almost got I'm from Batman.
You're grandpa is so sweet and loving. Thank you for sharing such a precious moment. ~
i hate to break it to you guys this is fake , watch this video he did it \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cn4UMDpV0XA&t=28s
they make the internet bad on purpose, because they can. I thought everybody already knew that
Looks nice. the story tho.. helping a kid find his dog as motivation... sounds boring...
Go back to England redcoat.
Really enjoyed watching this video. I don't have depersonalisation or anything but hearing kati talk about some of those things were so interesting and make me really want to study psychology. I went through and read to comments and so many people are saying they're struggling. I know this won't help or do anything but I'm so sorry you're having a hard time <3 I hope you get the help you need and I do believe that everything will turn out okay <3 xxx
Anyone else feel like it seems kind of weird that things like Movie would be great at Cinema sins. are actually counted as sins. I mean, the first 3 sins, well, since the first sin is always a sin in all other videos, then it should still count, but the next two were agreeing with Cinema sins. It's just weird and funny to me that, even though these are all jokes and normally aren't legitimately calling movies bad, that they're basically saying Wow, it's like this movie's a fan of our YouTube channel!... That's bad *Bing!
Thanks so much for this. I am pansexual, my girlfriend is lesbian. She has this issue against men but ive always told her that stems within. Its a thing of not being enough which is super frustrating.  I love her she's made me a better person I wish she would just see things they way you do.  Although I'm sure it took you a while to get there. Thanks again I will share this video with her.
This made me cry a little I love u amber I'm happy for you I will continue to keep liking your videos
You assumed that Rick could turn himself to a pickle and manage to stay alive, therefore the brain dammage is neglected (since he can survive being a pickle). Then, the theory of pickle Rick is logical under the assumtions of the show is actually valide
I did Disney Paris in 2007 and it was great.
AWWWWW I thought there will have bear bear!!!
SO MANY morons on facebook and youtube claiming that there were more than one shooter because of this sound barrier effect.
Such a sad sign of the times
I love this so much! Loving Jessie Reyez , her voice, and aesthetic! As odd as it sounds, this gave me an Amy Winehouse vibe (I can hear her singing this)
Now everyone is gonna go look up the Eiffel Tower at night...
Bronson's sandwich LOOKED good but I'm not confident about the taste at all.
$99 for a fucking pen? Wtf?!
Twitter feed shows NO links to freeze credit.  TY for nothing...
Who is waiting for 20 million views?
no im dirty dan
Time for Japan to up the tonnage and get some of that world renowned robotics software involved!
Hillary lying, Democrats tried contesting the election right after Trump won, they were crying for recounts,  and fake Russian stories.
funny in url
Was here,still am!                   Loved u,still do just even more
Tam giyim maazas mzii ehehehehe
It's a metaphor for how Hollywood creates sub par crap that everyone goes to see, that it crushes any indie movie
It's the Dexamethasone (steroid)
Why is this on trending?
I could watch these little beauties all day.
I pretend to be vulnerable so others open themselves up for manipulation.
I think vision is overrated.\n\nCOMING FROM A BLIND PERSON THAT  QUOTE IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED!
Wishing I could somehow LIKE this show 1 M times !!! Awesome work guys! Love the braids Martina. You are my new favorite YouTube show.
Until tomorrow 11:00 we can reach 10m Fighting Agases!! Let's make our boy get 1st win
To funny
Why does this remind me so much of nigahiga
And she just killed me once again
I'm soo happy for you! Your hair is growing and you're glowing :)
Hollywood take notes please
Bravo!!!!! \n\nWhere there's a will there is a way!!!  Big up's to all the home scientist!!!
I think bobby got that fish pillow from bass pro
This is a Maru insta-classic! \n\nTop-tier box acrobatics.
when your school makes you learn chinese and realizes that you may have said some things that you may or may not have known........
man this was shite
Why the fuck is this trending 1.1k views
Fen mail Pokemon
Harry Potter 101
Beers would Hakai for this
damn !! make me so happy
I can't tell you how much I envy your knife skills. I try to emulate them, but...well, the doc said they couldn't reattach one finger, but did the other, so I should be back at it soo...in a while, few months, year or so. But, I'll keep watching, so I can learn more!!
They're called pegs
do apple commercials, theres just something about them man.
This brings a great amount of joy in a time of chaos! Great performances - enjoyed immensely! <3
Turkey 
You put mum insted of mom\nNice
you made it to trending
I love this
looks like a movie about memes
Huge fan of that song  keep up the good work Blake 
YESSSSSSS
thanks for putting out the 3 stereotypes of Asian women in media. I was also disappointed in the character from 13 reasons why.  I'm an AAPI straight woman but I resonated with a lot of discriminatory topics you touched on today.  Looking forward to your next biracial video! Maybe you could touch on the Thai language/culture?
why have all the homes gone (except trees). Normally you would see burnt remnant of structures?
Maybe you shouldnt cake it
Mr. Watsky... What can be said that hasn't already about you. Your mind is a temple,  your lyrics artistic gold and your videos a perfect compliment to what the lyrics want to convey! Absolutely love everything about you and your music just continue being true to yourself! Much love!
Omg you eat m&ms and I eat the original one!!!
U are so funny niana
Alright come on guys. Y'all going to in on my man. Respect him. U don't have to agree with him but don't be mean.
This channel is amazing, and I love how you guys are always thinking so hard on your theories. It was a good choice to subscribe.
Wow. AmazN.
Joey fucking Barton
I always get the Da Pork Bao in San Francisco's Chinatown! Plus the one with pork and cabbage! Woohoo good!
Don't stop eating toxic non organic death just cover it up with toxic non organic death
This is so stupid lol
Let those Mexican  do it on their own they do not like our president so fuck them let them all die
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
You guys are incredible
You fool, missed the szechuan sauce
Help! There's a show that has an episode where two or three couples are answering questions like this. I can't remember which show it was.
What a freak , she was like the last one there lol
Why are you so negative??
Wonder when they are going to remove the phone...?
Girl I love your videos....pick on all the country's in Latin America
1:47 Will be hosted once again in C U T T E R
Hi
Nothing how chicago really is
Not bad joe
Make a overWatch one like if you agree
Damn those textures are bland as hell.
Is it just me or this sounds exactly like Believer from Imagine Dragons, or somewhat similar?
Id put my hotdog in julia 
Her audience suck
OMG Bea I love your voice, your such an inspiration and I love this song! Ilysm Bea!! 
They make him seem Stupid......
I want to be informed, not persuaded. Stick to the facts. I love Vox otherwise.
KANEEE! Love this
Good job google! Got me hyped and im not even a phone guy.
SOOOOOO   *J U I C Y*
She used her mole\nFor a shoe
Finally! Daughter fucker pedos are all sad and triggered.
*sees thegabbieshow in the title... instantly clicks*
Ben Carson would make a great doorstop or maybe a bookend. Wait! I got it. He would be a great paperweight.
TNG is my favorite of all the Star Trek series
This came out 1year ago and I still haven't watched it.
Bajeebua how are you so pretty im CRYING MY POOR GAY HEART CANT TAKE IT
fucking love these two together! really fun
Just use any digger machine can kill both of them....
Nile there's a picture on the wall at my school
Hiiiiiii there!  Hope you're all doing well!! Today we're making some super kawaii Pusheen Brownie Pops YAY! Perfect if you don't have the time to individually roll out cake pops Enjoy!!\n\nP.S. College-life update in case you're curious! Everything is still going great here!! Just figuring out the best way to be a full-time student and YouTuber BUT it's going well so far! Midterms are coming up though send help if you want to talk about marginal benefit and consumer surplus with me Wish me luck!!
what if i use the 50 mm lens on canon 200d(sl2) will it work as 50 mm lens
Sa ferait un putain d animer
What a tool
I like this house better then the other one they had 
Nice.
https://youtu.be/3VXv5_3fnhE\n
Can't we
Why did I read that as, Autistic Remix
Meryl where ya at ? Stroking Roman Polanskis rapist cock?
Lyanna and Jorah meet\nThe GRRM way: one makes it just in time for the others funeral. Through either shame or anger, the living one doesn't attend.\nThe current show's way: Lyanna pouts for about 5 minutes then they both embrace, bawling their eyes out and spouting sappy love confessions to each other.
OMG I DIDNT KNOW YOU GUYS WERE HAVING A BABY CONGRATS MY FRIEND!! 
Okay wow! so this is the set of Alien Covenant. Was there scenes in that location in the movie?
Space is breathtaking(literally)
Theres a God
Hell YEAH!
Yo where's SW Rebels season 3?
She look more sexy ....
OMG! Norm is the best!
lay off the cigarettes
soundcloud.com/crazyiqgenius show love so i can show some back!!!
I got high before this and was CRYING laughing when marbles was trying things on.
Incredible story, once again, Olan.  Thanks for the laughs
we stray further and further from god
i love how you did eyeshadow! would love to see a tutorial how to do it!
I don't hate jews I hate Israeles because they feel they own the world\n\n\nAll Israelis are jews but not all jews are Israelis
Would it still be able to scan my face if I am in the dark?
I think its unfair to say that youre on a trip to study or analyze or learn about the way things work between two countries but only really focusing on one of them and sticking to its version like its the only truth. Theres so much history and so much more to the story youre narrating here. I honestly consider youre misinforming your public since youre not spreading Dominicans version. You didnt even mention the passive invasion going on. Just for your information, the doctrine being taught at Haitian schools is based on the belief that the island is unique and indivisible. And also, DRs economic situation is not as you state. Remember its a developing country, with heavy debts and social defects such as: health, education, transportation, infrastructure, etc. Every countrys fate is shaped by the way they operate throughout history with its laws, politics, etc. This has nothing to do with its neighbors nor can anyone blame others for it. Its a real shame to portray Haiti as a victim of the DR when they have received so much help from them.
This is what America is about. Doing right even when it hurts. Fighting evil even when it is a supreme sacrifice. Stand up America!
very nice actress blake 
I love this oh my god this is so pure
does this video say it's not available for anyone else?
KB is on Fire......
You should Kalab with Mackenzie Ziegler
More  diy videos please
Fuckin 2 minute intro wtf 
Only #7 on trending??
Its comforting to see that the day machines take over and kill all humans is far far away.
#Team1994\nTakeoff, Lil Uzi Vert, Justin Bieber and now Nikkie. We da beeest
Tori Tori....Tori...
Hi, what was the CC cream ? Wow that was sooo good ! I only use CC cream .. no foundation ever and that really really seems great .. currently am using a bobby Brown bb cream ..but this looks cool!\nAnd yeah ..its really nice n easy makeup .. :)
Lmao. Oh no California has earthquakes. That's why Florida is a safer place to live. Yeah ok.
This women symbolises so much of whats wrong with the world
THE KATY SIGN FROM THE UD COACHELLA HOUSE THOO! IF YOU REMEMBER THAT VLOG YOURE PROBABLY JUST AS OBSESSED WITH KATY AND DESI AS I AM 
Hola guapuritas :v
Where would an ice monkey find dirt?
They just so happened to have a birth simulator up on a mountain 
why doesnt this man run for presidency ? He needs to. he would be a great leader
Im living for all the spice girls references XD
always love ur recipe this 1 looks outrageously YUM! Thank chef John.
My question is if you can do a muscle up after months
Halsey 
Jack Daniel lived in Lynchburg, Tennessee, not Kentucky. It literally says it on the bottle. Also, he did not create the whiskey, a freed slave did and after tasting it, Daniel made him master distiller at his company. Fun fact: Jack Daniel's real name was Jasper Newton Daniel and he died of blood poisoning after kicking his safe, breaking his toe, and refusing to seek treatment. \n\nI literally live in Lynchburg, I was required to know these things in school.
Tip #1: If your physiatrist or doctor is judge mental their fake and you need to find another
The makeup wipe struggle had me laughing out loud! :D :D
Whatever is happening now people think will happen in the future
Beautiful rendition of without you song.!
Tell me what you're going to do with all of this ass.\n_Same_
Love you so so much  MERRELLTWINS 
just like cilendion
YAY OMAYGASHHHHH BUT BRIE? Ur having a #2 baby and going to wwe isn't that gonna affect u ;(
Love it
I'm fucking high sa fuck right now but maybe ur grandma is trapped in an alternate universe and she's being tortured bc like I heard after we fucking eat it, our soul goes to the next dimension where our soul is like recycled but like u out living on another timeline.
My week is complete every time
Here's where i think you're wrong.\nIt is conceivable that using antimatter as a fuel source could propel a rocket up to about 50% of the speed of light.\nWhich is fast enough to reach the nearest star to earth in about 2 years.\nIsn't proxima centauri the closest star to earth (You forgot the sun) and at a distance of 4 (.something) Lightyears....\nBecause at 50% the speed of light, i'm pretty sure that it takes about 8 years to get there, instead of your 2 years.
Varchie is the best shipper, hot <3 Riverdale <3
U like steel video clips ;)
Just Beautiful (:
this killed me omg
Do whats best for you, Roman. Focus on YOUR project and worry about the channel later
Fuck that.
This is silly! There was no need to use mercury to get acetylaldehyde; they could have just transfused Ted Kennedy's blood. PLENTY of acetylaldehyde there for industrial purposes!
Ugly car .
Dungeon?  Donjin?  Dugjin?  Dugdjin?\n\nI just go by Justin, guys. . .
Omg! thank you for this recipe I love pumpkin. so making this....
It's sad that in 2017 (and for the foreseeable future) we as a nation is still struggling with equality.
Steven looked smooth as hell!
You look like Bella Thorne except less liberal with your body. \nWhich is a compliment, she's cute.\n\nHubby don't talk to me it was just a compliment. Have a great day though. 
Who else thinks Bunny's hair and makeup looked amazing?!?!
YouTube is ran by SJWs. So sad
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
I can't remember the name of the movie. It's exactly like this
Please get Freddie Gibbs on this show!!!!
My dad took a picture of him by the Eiffel tower at night
Is this bait?
Someone needs to get a Life!!
Surprised that nobody got taken in this trailer....
OKG LOOK!  ITS A TIGER LETS CAPTURE IT AND GET BITTEN BY IT TOMORROW! \n\n\n\nOH LOOK ITS A SHARK LETS GET BITTEN BY IT TOMORROW\n\n\n\n\nOH LOOK ITS A MOUNTAIN LION AND A BEAR LETS CAPTURE THEM AND GET BITTEN TOMORROW\n\n\nWE GONNA HAVE SO MUCH FUN
Damn, when she got up scared and try to keep her skirt down she was so fucking hot.
Hi Claire  Love your vlogs (I really missed them), I really enjoy seeing what you're getting up to in New York  I would love to see you recreate your hair style from this vlog, it looked amazing on you 
Ro, I used to really like your channel but I'm sadly unsubscribing. It feels like the last many videos were focussed on your own product, and this is not what I want in a video. I came to the channel because I liked your nerdy, crazy treats, not to be sold to.
* stabs subscribe button like asgore destroyed mercy * oh shoot I need to destroy it again cuz I accidentally unsubscribed * stabs again * DONE !
I Loved the makeup Bubz. At first I was a little bit worried but it end up really cute! Love your family! :3
many guys got away with murder using clever lawyers...why hate OJ extra hard. ? 2 different Kennedy's got away with literal murder...only the right wing bitched about it..same here I guess
How TF is this on trending?
I love when you make longer videos!! This was awesome - I'd love to see you review more awful books!
make a theory on Super Mario Logan
Bisping is Hilarious if I was Georges I would roll on the floor and laugh.
Galaxy > iPhone
He is a Class Act
It's to keep your brain active
one of these god damn masterpieces better make it on the radio
what is adam savage's hat?
Literally my fave beauty guru ever. I can't FREAKING wait to try Fenty!!!
Loved this so much Jen!! I love more simplistic things too so this was super satisfying to watch. :) Thank you for sharing.
What Would Happen If You Were Born In Mars?
Those nips tho
No rug cuddle 
If Elsa has ice powers does that mean she's always cold? ._.
deyyyyyym colin firth
ai
The video is really innovative tho.... Finally o mavin records have signed better person...... Y'all should take to the US sharply!!!
kim' s entry was just epic
That girl sings really good
As a kid I remember reading my dad's crutchfield magazine where the first plasmas I saw were had at $10k-$30k for  42 @ 720p. ~4yrs ago I was hoping oled would still be in the consumer tv industry  since only LG was making them while sony, samsung  and the rest pushed for better LCD (and plasma) tech. \nWhile the prices are out of reach for most for  this wallpaper tech, it will come down in price to where many could buy when early adopters pay the premium for having it first. 'Regular' Oled tvs were $6-8k  set a few years ago and they're at half the cost. \n\nI'm just happy LG took oled to where it is now and it didn't die off. Thinness will help it sell but for me, its icing on the cake for truly spectacular movie experiences at home.
This song reminds me of the illuminati and their stars.
Right in the feels again
Will you open a god damn merch store already you fucking heathen???
what does hard cider mean? how is it different from regular cider? (a non-native english speaker here)
You fascinate me!
TELL EM LAVAR !
You forgot our first and most important line of defense against a nuclear attack: diplomacy. If NK gets to the point where they are actually launching missiles, millions will die. Of course most of theses deaths would be North Koreans, but that is still an unacceptable outcome. I'm glad that we have defenses that might work against ICBMs but I'd rather live in a world where they are unnecessary.
How come I want one up my pants?
He moron yes you ..what did you do ..did you respect the flag at the militairy fase when lowering the flag.............https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unFmy4T92XU
That was pretty cool.
I feel like I just lost 20 brain cells
.....if only Hitler had gassed this womans parents
RIP Grant Hart 
i talk to myself because i have nobody else to talk to
Now lets work on making sure every child has a school to go back to - i never loved you as much as in the moment I heard this.
steve be doing the most in this life
Wow, an artist that is doing something different. It's cool, but that is the point of an artist, being creative and doing stuff different.
your mcm thinks this is deep
TO COMPARE PRODUCTS & PRICES ETC-http://www.qoo10.sg/gallery/Q108030459
KEEP AYESHA!! ADD her to the Cast!!
0:48 sex is free? i wanna be a character here :)
Me hizo acordar por momentos a lonely together pero me encantan las dos igualmente jaj 
Not my proudest fap
Please get father john misty on here
this video is relaxing :)
Miah Grayer is right
Bull. You do NOT raise a person to be like this. A person, ANY person, decides for himself down the line, has his/her own personality and views. She may do whatever she wants, she can NOT decide what HER sons will be like. Plain and simple stupid, because this would mean that Harvey Weinstein's parents, Bill Cosby's parents, Bill O'Reilly's parents, Bill Clinton's parents, Ben Affleck, Donald Trump, Roger Ailes, and the list goes on and on, they all had parents who did something terribly wrong! I call Bull. These persons, as you and I, made their own (wrong) choices. And society's views of sexual conduct ARE influenced by much bigger things, how many people protested against Michael Jackson's behaviour? Against Hugh Heffner's empire? This is NOT a Hollywood problem either, it is an epidemic, which YOU too are part of!
Ahhh I started crying, is this normal? Anyone else?
Im loving this video Jackie 
Trump will save us.
Arnold likes to be dead and suicidal.
If we don't want immigrants in our countries then why would we wanna communicate with aliens and invite them to earth.
Who else her is a dude?
How's it holding during rainy days?
E
I have this urge to go skydiving all of a sudden
It's still just a finesse game the chef is just moving forward...lmao I love Sean
You are absolutely gorgeous. I have been watching you for years! Love you!!!
I am so excited.
t-rex costume is perfect for marbles since they're both extinct
