nice
Hay mat pat remember blood brothers
I didn't understand most of the stuff you said but good fucking job man, really.
I'm going to CAPTURE myself CAPTURING an enemy in Super Mario Odyssey!
Sounds like current year gaming politics.
Dogs?  Dogs are the best support class?  Compared to cats, sure, but dogs ain't horses.
Yeah... I dont like the 3D boxes for this...
Yeah boyyyyyy
siema
Black Holes Matter XD
Ok hi guys I like your on my god so f*** you I am so so much work
True pro humans have both cats and dogs as supports. Lots of maintenance, but the payoff is ridiculous.
supercell there should be a friendly challenge in builder base just like friendly match in clash royale.
Please please just do dogs I really love the American Bulldog if you can clue it I will greatly appreciate it love you videos
god damn scalpers
I'm not a fan of mute videos.
Admit it u have tried it.
I need it!
But anything can become a black hole just neutron stars is heavy enough to make one about every time earth into a peanut would make a black hole so... aye that's pretty neat
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
Do .smc roms work?
try playing san andreas
I'm waiting for Bryan Cranston to show up in his underwear 
This guy sounds exactly like Napoleon Dynamite
Cue the outrage police who never actually watched South Park except for a few out of context clips to claim that South Park is literally alt-right fascist propaganda.
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
You do a debunk on Blastoise and the Cannons on it's back
Pikapoo
Will the close display damage eyesight at all?
Aye, something else I cant afford....
0:45 Mario dabs
Am I the only one who thought persona when they heard the music?
Awesome channel. I'd request you to cover cryptids, but I'm not sure if it is just hearsay or just a very restricted closed beta thing. Severe lack of gameplay footage doesn't help too.
That guy with the glasses said Oh so van der linde hes like a side character not like Javier escuella serious? The leader of the gang?
yes barbarian king ko jungle me mungal karna hi chahie
pokedex is wrong, god is dead, the goverment is fucked, thanksgiving is about killing indains
i managed to find it thanks
The main take I got out of this is that fixing bugs without the source code is a pain in the ass. And for that I commend your dedication!
Its hard to search for it in the play store. I downloaded it after clicking links that directed me to it in the store. Uninstalled it because im werry of its access.
Someone please tell me what the fuck this is
Sceptile!!!!
Here before this blows up.
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
Omgod Lindsey.  She already won.  I love her! She has to win all the way.
Rofl
I WAS WAITING FOR ThIS TO SHOW EVERYBODY MY SKILL ON SPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLAAAATOOOON\nAhem sorry x)
As retarded as this show is, I still love it.
Derk a Derrrr
Are they gonna hire Matt Damon for this mov-- I mean game?
great hype much erection
Remember that time black death players caused a server wipe for human players?
Even though last season's second half wasn't great I still have hope for this year.
yo I cant wait for it
I'll keep her in black. On your behalf Such a boss line!
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
This is some real games journalism bruh
Can you talk about the parasite vs. commensal vs. support (mutualism) builds and which is best? Also a video about how cows are lowkey just giant exosymbiotic parasites of the bacteria living inside them would be awesome (only doing 20% of their own digestion, are you kidding me?).
Miyamoto is a legend.
Is it the same to the other oculus beside not having wires but does it require anything? And why not out for Christmas?
This is just one of the many pokedex entries you could say the same thing about XD
DEY TOOK AR JABS!!
Hell yeah, thank you id software and Nintendo.
im crying real tears right now
something my friend explained to me, all of the entries in the poke'dex could just be nothing more than folklore, not an actuality. in the universe of pokemon, the pokemon themselves have been around a lot longer than the dex and considering these creatures are magical, there's a good chance the characters would have stories and legends about the them. sure the professors were the ones to have made the dex, however they themselves never once say they saw these creatures doing some of these really creepy things, and if they did, they're monsters especially in the case of Driftloon
Drifloon
NOBODY CARES HERE IN THE NICE COMMUNITY
Nintendo was founded in 1889. Did anyone fact check this video.
can i use any rom files for the snes?
This is one of many reasons as to why I do not support Socialism/Marxism
If ymany of you guys use amino you shoukd join my TierZoo community! http://aminoapps.com/invite/SKG2B9PCHH
Agent Cody Banks, Lizzie McGuire guest appearance and Big Fat Liar. Always on an adventure it seems.
I want gta 6
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
Question: are penguins trolling?
Is there a reason why Earth physics work for the Pok-verse? It didn't in the Assassin's Creed world! [Leap of Faith - video]. \nAlso can anyone tell me if FilmTheory has created a theory based on the Big Hero 6 portals?
I hope that the scenes they showed are switch footage (but it's probably not)
This is what happens when you put two idiots in charge..
0:37 malcom still breaking the 4th wall after all these years. XD
on my console it dont work :(
Yay! Do Nidoking!
Can't wait for microtransactions
Love it!
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
Dude said the difference between crocs and alligators is that alligators are in america?
I don't like the box art
#37 ON TRENDING BUNNY! CONGRATS!
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Unlikers are Squad players.
Marty's hands keep shaking, is that hype?
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
are you Scott Allen ?
Accurately tell how many of them were playing clash of clans
dude do a tier list for bears
Too late
Why does the m1 Garand sound like a laser 
NOT first!
What is this? WHAT IS THIS!?? An American talking about something from beyond the Iron Curtain? And doing proper research on it? And presenting it in a bearable manner? my compliments go to that!\n\nWhen I clicked on the video I seriously expected it will be all like HUHUH, they didnt have NENTENDUH, HUHUH, they suck!
Time to play PokemonGO and not Clash Royale 
Did you steal this video as well?
Please make a mockery of antifa to
Too funny!
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
Jes
I would love to see you make a Theory about Warframe's lore.
It was not that hard but, probably for entertainment.
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
I visited the museum last year with my college class it was extremely interesting(The pain station was the center piece of our whole time there, did you play it bunny?) but they never quite went into how the machines etc. were programmed that was very interesting finding it out from this video. \nDid you manage to get to the DDR museum bunny? I found it very interesting as well.
Where the heck is the goblin shark on the tier list?
There is no such thing as a good call of duty campaign.
This thing better have a gtx 1080
I love these videos so much!!! Thanks for making these!!
Quick question, do Banthas count as vehicles?
thanks man. SUPER EASY GUYS! follow instructions and you're good.
it could be as late as june.
It'd be pretty odd if the Switch had Golf as a VC game.
ELECTRONEUM... THE NEXT BITCOIN!?\n\nIt's worth buying at least $100 and see what happens. Many people wish they knew about Bitcoin before it took off! \n\nBitcoin started at $0.003 and is now over $5,000 each coin!\nThis new coin is in Pre-market Sale right now through October first. Offering an extra 10% bonus coins with each purchase! Coin sale is at $0.01 per Coin. Goes public on November 1st 2017. \n\nUse my link, when you buy, to get another 1% free coins:\n\nhttps://my.electroneum.com/join/43E7AC\n\nHit me up if you need help getting setup.\nTake advantage of this before you wish you had!
I think of all soviet block countries Poland was in best gaming shape.
Make it real bro #POOQOG8VY
people still play this?
Did honestly never see this comming.\nI think i just came a little bit...
all dirty gemmers! :D
xbox crossplay, please
It was live now
This is an app for android and iOS.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonusxp.legend
Super Mario wacky world? 0:25
Was that Master Chief at 0:05?!
Since you Apparently take Suggestions according to your About Sections, Maybe you should do one on Extinct Sharks (E.G Cardabiodon, Cretoxyrhina, Megalodon, Otodus, Hybodus Etc)
So can this game ONLY be played on July 11th? Or does playing it once unlock it to play whenever? My Switch is connected to the internet so I can't check it myself.
nice
ive been listening to this all day! mario odyssey hype is real! thumbs up if you are READY TO JUMP UP YOU SUPERSTAR!
Woah there sledgehammer, a swastika? Oh boy I can see a bunch of people screaming.
Huh,,,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Im so proud of her!!!!!! Omg i cant even process!!
For some reason I thought they meant not breaking irl laws while playing gta
Wtf runs this thing
I'm cool with some DooM on the go.
Not to be that guy but some sharks can passively regain stamina without moving
for thanksgiving i am thankful for this channel.
can't tell from the trailer if the maps are painfully linear\n\nalso, if there are no bots, it's not worth getting. bots are great filler and act as fodder while doing objectives. it's what kept the real battlefront alive for so long.
i can wait when the day comes time to get Zack Snyder and Bitch Affleck to be in the South Park episode this Batman Vs Superman movie is gone out of control by MCU Fanbase.
Did honestly never see this comming.\nI think i just came a little bit...
Gugu gags
I thought Malcolm would run for president now
I cant get it to work. Help?
for 200 this seems like the first true consumer VR for the masses seems to have enough tech jammed in there to be well worth the price
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
How did they not recognize Dutch
yoooo
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
oh man--  i keep reviewing this-- hillarious well hhmm so i saw 6 or so games that would be fun to play and replay most ive never played before so ya sorry nintendo  if i was to egt a snes id like to play  5-6 gameso n this system true and some other oens i liked that arnt included on this version heres to a snes mini 2
I l southpar
Remember Steam users, please!
plz3villeng
Gardevoir best wai- i mean pokemon, yeah I mean't pokemon.
best for your hentai
Nice job.
Dude said the difference between crocs and alligators is that alligators are in america?
litten
why 30 secs wtf nintendo :(
Matt and Trey said they're done with the whole politically driven episodes like they did in season 20. In an interview, they said they're going back to the insanity they used to do. They're tired of Trump everywhere all the time (and I completely agree). 21 will be NOTHING like 20 and I can't wait!
I need help. I started a party with both a Cat and Dog on my Human main thinking it would be new meta. But both players just cant work together which lead to me having to carry the team with no proper support. Your video made me consider ditching the Cat player but my character is already infected by the toxoplasma passive. What do I do?
What does XD mean
Kewl
Switch underpowered umm nope...
I would love to see you make a Theory about Warframe's lore.
Oh boy, here I go catching again!
1:50 false advertising smh
Supercell dont Closed Coc
Baby shark do do do do dod
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
I pre ordered this game i cant wait
Just saying, but the Pokedex says that Gardevoir will give its own life for its trainer. Meaning that Gardevoir still does its job(sort of, at the expense of everything on planet Earth).
0:19\nMy favourite is luigi
I want the Nintendo switch!!! 
Im a fox main and some of us in the community have managed to befriend humans
I was waiting for a video like this :)
I was like wtf when itzu was eliminated the round. Then when godson used a troll base, I knew this was bullshit smfh
I noticed Hakchi 2 you used here gave you the option of selecting the NES mini. Could you use this same process to add SNES games to an NES mini? I was lucky enough to get the NES mini, but the SNES is proving to be more difficult lol
Swastikas confirmed
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
There is no such thing as a good call of duty campaign.
it could be as late as june.
500k or 1 mil why humans need a nerf.
It's between her and Jordan....  it Jordan will def win
now this is how you make an ad
So why did they not make fun of black lives matter? Oh right they are liberals
Nerf sharks pls (?)
I've been showing this video to everyone. I have two cats, and I just don't see them the same anymore. Now I want a dog, you jerk. Seriously, though, your videos are downright fascinating.
It is true the COCom list made it impossible for us as teenies to get hightech from western Europe, but these rules did not aplly to electronic scrap. Friends of mine in West Berlin sendet me vie postal service carefully seperatet/cutted parts in several packages and we buildet and soldet everything up again. :-) These C4 plus/ C-64 looked a little bit strange afterwards, but we had a working computer at the end. We were creative :-).
Instead of porting old good games, nintendo is going to burn it self with new games that would barely run on it.\nIf Switch could run CS:GO and BF BC 2 on it with a decent multiplayer, their sells would be sky rocketing.
PEW PEW
Oculus Go *WASTE YOUR MONEY*
Alt-right nazis tears tastes so good...hmmm
So no pc connection? What makes this better than my phone thrown in one of those google cardboard boxes for like 5 bucks max? I'm only here for the mobile VR porn anyways.
Perfect time to break into the graveyard to catch
What purpose do hedgehogs have in their server?
Nintendo please stop! I cant take all of this in at once, im dying, call 911, oml help
OCULUS SUCKS, VIVE IS BETTER
mom, how many times have I told you that you can choose what you want to do!
I kinda wish some company would actually make a game where you can actually play on the entire earth as different species like the stuff you do on your channel
This was so informative, thank you. I've always wondered what it was like to work the code of an allready compiled game. I never considered that they would put preventative measures into it to stop you. Impressive how you figured out a way around it anyway.
You guys can't attack properly I can 3 star that with ground attack
Too funny!
Dogggggs
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
This is the most interesting video I've ever seen about a subject I've never had a shred of interest in.\nFantastic work, Georgy-boy.
I can't wait that game
Don't hate me this is my first red dead redemption game I've heard about but it looks really good.
Thats incredible
Whether you believe in the validity of IQ ratings or not, I've always questioned the servitude of an Alakazam and it's intelligence quotient of over 5000 (which has nothing on black holes or ability to distort time and space OR....)
sunarto
Channels like this are making youtube more serious planform than a national tv. But than again there are much more stupid stuff on youtube.
But what if a cubic metre of air (mass ~1.3kg) was condensed into a black hole in the centre of an attack. It would have a lifetime of 1.8*10^-16 seconds, but could surely disrupt the attack velocity, energy, etc. If not, the movement of air would also affect the attack, disrupting it in some way. If it compressed 10 cubic metres of air, the black hole would have a lifetime of 1.8*1^-13 s and even more mass to disrupt the attack. This also isn't considering the heat that would be generated by compressing so much mass so quickly. My point in this argument is that the black hole does not need to be stable to affect the environment and if the description was accurate it would be beneficial not to have a stable black hole as that would destroy the earth as stated. Also there is plenty of mass lying around that could be used, and wouldn't be noticed missing. Although it takes tremendous energy to compress matter past its neutron degeneracy pressure, is there an accurate or reliable scale or description of what psychic powers are? Idk, I thought of this argument and found a calculator online.
This is so fun to watch, love it!
I thought this was for real life, then I thought he was talking about a video game, then then I thought he was talking about real life in a video game... Im so confuzzled
more like oculus go learn how to make a original joke
You should do a video on builds like the honey badger or wombat
Would PewDiePie approve? \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
UAU.. Best tribute easter egg ever time...
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
Nobody cares about VR
How do you unlock the dog class
Derk a Derrrr
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
I main oxpecker and my hippo is the best tank and support so kys I don't agree so I have the rights to destroy your self esteem. Also, can u do a video just talking about the Tier because sometimes I get confused
Can't wait for microtransactions
GO? Go where? You're completely blind folded.
it's not north or south dakota, or montana, or literally anywhere you listed because none of those places are the WEST.
Gardevoir makes a sphere of intense artificial gravity, simulating a black hole.
So we're going back to the old classic style cod huh? Well a lot of people complained about the futuristic stuff they added especially in multiplayer. I guess this will satisfy them. Me personally I'm ok with both styles. What do you guys think?
i would legit play this MOBA
Do Oshowatt!
YOU GOT SOME MONEY FOR ME BOY
So will this be used for phones or what?
NOOOOOOOOOOOODDLLEEEEEEEESSSS!!!!
Stuff that should be trending
Great video!
why not lavender town themed?
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
Yeah okay, the black hole thing is incredibly silly, but the amount of Rule 34 on that thing is absurd!!\n(Semi-)Joking aside, I'll never understand pokemon titles. Like Gardevoir being the Embrace pokemon when [a] no dex entry ever really explains that, and [b] it has that spiky-heart-crystal-doodad on its chest. I always assumed it would have to be soft, like fleshy, otherwise... well the internet is full of embrace jokes.\nAnother one that leaps to mind is Arcanine being the Legendary pokemon. What makes big-ol' hellhound legendary?
Salty cat mains are salty.\nEnjoy your inferior class, peasants!
I have a feeling that cod ww2 is gonna have a great and emotional campaign (probably) just like the one in cod waw
They did not just say that...
Can you do a tier list on the ants. The one species that is everywhere you go no matter what
Just create an MMORPG that we can all buy and play everywhere on our phones. Take my money already! WAY more people have phones than your proprietary devices!
so glad you mentioned toxoplasma. will you cover more parasite builds?
Throws away cod ww2 disc*
Can you explain why chickens are in D while pigs are in B? More people eat chicken across the world and chickens also provide eggs while pigs only provide their meat. Chickens also grow faster and are easier to take care of. Also, why are horses in B?
4:00 there is no such thing as black light bouncing into your eye. Black is the absence of color, where a material partially absorbs light. It just so happens that black holes absorb all light. If black holes were invisible, we'd be able to see straight through them.
Cool!
I really gotta learn sign language.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
I think Gardevoir uses their psychic powers to make the small black hole stable
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
I haven't watched DWTS since the first few seasons but I've come to watch Lindsey!
This is marketing done right
I believe it's fake
Gugu gags
When I get a switch with splatoon 2 \n\nIm gonna capture a video of the inkling creator
I like Trump. No im not a white supremacist nazi or whatever. I just think us americans need to quit being so sensitive. Trump is our callous
How can somebody hate this guy???? He is sooo cute omg I love him and he did and amazing job 
Pokemon+Undertale+Stephen King:W O N D E R F U L  (Please,bring it on steam)
Less than 300 likes and 27 comments but its on trending?!?!??! \nOk YouTube
You guys are literally oblivious lol that was a younger Dutch in the trailer so this is going to be a prequel and you can bet that john is going to make an appearance
thank you for posting this.
The time has come.\n\nExecute Pre-order 66.
Finally! See Activision, this is all we wanted!
I refuse to believe some of the people in the comment section are just that nave. Its literally tells you its meant for highlights, people. Why am I seeing comments about capturing devices and streaming like it directly caters to and only to youtubers and so on, rather than someone out and about wanting capture a key moment on the go. I mean, as I recall, I do remember the Nintendo Switch being marketed as a device you can play and take anywhere, am I wrong?
zen-like tutorial.
Mario san savingu pirincess peachu......ohhhhho
Hyped
Now I am hall 7
YOU HAVE EARNED MY SUBSCRIPTION
#GeneralTony
I live in east Germany. :) The video is very good as always.
im crying real tears right now
is it just me who thinks mario is overrated and dont give a flying f#ck about his games
The link no longer exist
Alright I wonder what Season 21 will look like in the first episode
Hope the take on the asshats at Antifa too because both sides suck
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
A fat midget dancing looks really dumb\nOh wait thats mario
It's between her and Jordan....  it Jordan will def win
Looks awesome
Can you please do one about The legend of Zelda like how Link got his name or something.
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
mario is't a plumer anymore stay up to date\nalso when you said you never knew this.i knew it all you cant read my mind sorry ;)
I can't wait till it comes out!!!
I stopped liking this when I read from facebook.
Gardevoir has telekinetic powers. Expending all of its energy, it uses this power to SUSTAIN a black hole. Telekinesis is one of those abilities that is more powerful the better the user understands what they're doing. The Gardevoir knows what it's doing. It's pulling matter from all around it into the black hole, thus sustaining it artificially in a way that natural black holes simply cannot do themselves.\nYour science is right, but your understanding of the game is lacking in this case. A little bit disappointing.
Dude said the difference between crocs and alligators is that alligators are in america?
Wow I want one now and that price is perfect.
Can we have Indians in this one
One up girl (;
Hey I already have a NES Classic with hakchi2, is there any point for me pick up a SNES Classic? I'm honestly just curious sense I heard that they supposedly have the exact same hardware.
http://share.tbal.io/v2/app?code=2P3DX44Q use refer cod and get 130 Rs true balance app
Since they're arm most likely banned from using the SS lightning bolts as a symbol in this game, but they were still able to find a way to show the guy at 1:10 is SS. Being interested in history, specifically WW2 you can see that an eagle on the left arm was part of the SS uniform asides from the lightning bolts.
Pokemon Go hype didn't happen because of the word Go. Just saying.
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
Could you talk about the bear class?
Im Japanese
SNORLAX'S APPETITE!
R.I.P. South Park.
Took me years to figure out the basic controls
Born in the GDR in 1981, I am one of those people who suffered from the lack of video games in the early childhood. My first and only gaming experience before the fall of the iron curtain was a few minutes of River Raid (shown in this video). Even after the reunion it took me a little while (christmas 1991 to be exact) to get my first console (the SEGA Master System), because money was short for most former eastern germans and electronic was very expensive (an empty cassette tape for example costed 20 Mark which is around 40-50$ by today's standard) . For a whole year I had only Alex Kidd and Sonic to play, followed by Sonic 2 the next christmas. I'm not really sad about it because I learned to appreciate what I had instead of being jealous of what others had. It had a unique kind of fascination to try out a new game back then and that's what I'm missing today.\nAfter all I (and the former GDR in general) quickly caught up with the latest technology and by the time the fifth generation of video games (N64, Playstation, Saturn) came we were on the same level as the rest of the world, if not earlier.\nWe may have missed some precious childhood experiences back then, but we also learned to respect video games in a way most people didn't :)
fuck facebook
yes a pokemon video. ps flying types are the best.

WOW ! Luv her music, but DANG ! Great 1st dance ! Choreography,  chemistry, sharp, on rhythm and they both looked like they were having fun.
I love these videos so much!!! Thanks for making these!!
I hope virtual reality never becomes a thing.
was fun to hear about my  homeland on this channel ^.^
LOL this trailer just spoiled me a lot, I just started watching
this should be a series
Whether you believe in the validity of IQ ratings or not, I've always questioned the servitude of an Alakazam and it's intelligence quotient of over 5000 (which has nothing on black holes or ability to distort time and space OR....)
Can you do a theory on call of duty zombies storyline
Heeeyy ttheyy teerrrk ourr jeerrbbss!
Could we have a tier list on the animals that live in the human made environments? I main the pigeon, it's nothing spectacular but it's good
Whitney is 23, Frankie is 31... seriously doubt her dad is same age!   LOL        LOVE Frankie!!!!!!    So humble!
Dude said the difference between crocs and alligators is that alligators are in america?
And yet, you still cant text these pictures and videos to people on your Switch friends list...
Damn
You are a dog person eh?  Cats help with mice and vermin by removing them from the area (saving food stores), and provide a healing buff with a purr move.... this creates a regen that affects the cat and any creature in contact with it.  I hope you see this because the purr move is the only reason why I spec'd my noobs as cat builds.  Dog builds do not have any regen abilities... and they require more effort out of players that spec'd as human.
#35 on trending congrats
You could talk about why dinossaurs got banned.
what an abysmal analysis. took them like ten minutes to realize who dutch is and that its a prequel. and they only found out because chat told them... pretty pathetic
Will Oculus Go support Home and Dash?
that yellowstone reference killed me
We have a cat tier list. Dog tier list? I've seen some good dog players in my day. How would you rate the intelligence of the different dogs?
great hype much erection
GEORGE on TRENDING!?
Only the real diehard fans still play this game. Gl out there peeps!
This looks like a siege operator intro
I like how she tells us how we dont know everything about our favorite plumber, yet she called peach the peach princess
But rays are sharks...
Honestly would love to see Eevees or hell maybe one of the alolan pokemon?
People still play this??
Before watching this theory, here is my theory that I really believed for a long time. In the Pokemon games, the pokedex entry that you gain after catching a new pokemon is so inaccurate, it could only be written by a certain 10 year old. I believe that the entries are written by the player on the spot without any prior research. This explains the stupid descriptions like Charmander's tail and the terrible measurements. Wailord's weight per volume puts him as being as dense as hot air balloon.
You should cover the wall builds in the current meta. Like how the Tortoise poured all of its stats into defense at the expense of all of it's other stats. Or maybe even a Toxic Stall set like the Komodo Dragon? I really want to know if any of these builds are viable in the current meta as of the recent pollution patch. Thanks!
Why is not Rex or Fives in the game
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
Awesome presentation. You rock!
Wait, what's the joke?
If only communism would've actually been a good way to run a country and not make everyone hate it and want to leave, because ultimately it's not in our nature to behave that way.\nI was born way past that time, but it does sound like a fucking nightmare. By the by, I never learned stuff like this in school. All we ever talked about was how bad Hitler was and nothing else, like what our country was actually like.
Hello and thank you for the work\nI'm currently trying to do it on my NES Mini (not SNES) (Hakchi2.21b), but here is what I receive as a message after dumping the kernel and clicking Continue to upload games.\n\nshell command tar -xvC/var/lib/hakchi/rootfs/usr/share/games/nes/kachikachi returned exit code 1:tar: can't change directory to 'var/lib/hakchi/rootfs/usr/share/games/nes/kachikachi': No such file or directory\n\nI'm on WIndows 10\n\nThanks for the help
Ugh, I accidentally chose the human class, and I can't get back to the character select screen. Help?
why do you have to get sponsored by cnn
Here we go, off the rails\nDon'tyouknow it's time toraise our sails?\nIt's freedom like you never knew\n\nDon't need bags, or a pass,\nSay the word,I'llbe there in a flash\nYou could say my hat is off to you\n\nOh, we can zoom all the way to themoon,\nFrom this great wide wacky world,\nJumpwith me, grabcoinswith me, oh yeah!\n\nIt's time to jump up in the air, (Jump up in the air),\nJump up, don't be scared, (Jump up, don't be scared),\nJump up and your cares will soar away, (oohoohooh),\nAnd if the dark clouds start to swirl, (Dark clouds start to swirl),\nDon't fear, don't shed a tear, 'cause\nI'll be your 1-Up Girl\n\nSo let's all jump up super high, (Jump up super high),\nHigh up in the sky, (High up in the sky),\nThere's no power-up like dancing,\nYou know that you're mySuper Star, (You're my Super Star)\nNo one else can take me this far\nI'm flipping the switch,\nGet ready for this, oh\nLet's do the Odyssey!\n\nOdyssey, ya see (x7),\nOdyssey, Odyssey!\n\nSpin the wheel, take a chance\nEvery journey starts anew romance\nA new world's calling out to you\n\nTake a turn, off the path\nFind anew addition to the cast,\nYou know that any captain needs a crew\n\nTake it in stride as you move, side to side,\nThey're just different points of view\nJump with me, grab coins with me, Oh yeah!\n\nCome on and jump up in the air, (Jump up in the air),\nJump without a care, (Jump without a care),\nJump up 'cause you know that I'll be there\nAnd if you find you're short on joy, (Find you're short on joy),\nDon't fret, just don't forget that\nYou're still our 1-Up Boy\n\nSo go on, straighten up yourcap, (Straighten up your cap),\nLet your toes begin to tap, (Toes begin to tap),\nThis rhythm is apower 'shroom(oohoohooh)\nDon't forget you're the Super Star (You're the Super Star)\nNo one else can make it this far\nPut a comb through that stache,\nNow you've got panache, oh\nLet's do the Odyssey!\n\nIt's time to jump up in the air, (Jump up in the air),\nJump up, don't be scared, (Jump up don't be scared),\nJust jump up and your cares will soar away, (oohoohooh),\nAnd if the dark clouds start to swirl, (Dark clouds start to swirl),\nDon't fear, don't shed a tear, 'cause\nI'll be your 1-Up Girl\n\nNow listen all you boys and girls, (All you boys and girls),\nAll around the world, (All around the world),\nDon't be afraid to get up and move\nYou know that we're all Super Stars, (We're all Super Stars)\nWe're the ones who've made it this far\nPut a smile on that face,\nThere's no time to waste, oh\nLet's do the Odyssey!
Uh, Dutch was not a side character in RDR. He was the main villain. Also, Morgan literally says Dutch's name at the end of the trailer. The guy on the right has no idea what he's talking about.
yes barbarian king ko jungle me mungal karna hi chahie
Im glad such a unique underated channel is getting some spotlight and is tending.
Gen 3! MUDKIP
This song feels like a really good anime intro
Who tf dislikes this amazing video?
So same game with possession powers added oh also newer graphics ?
people still play this ?
Dutch Van der Linde was anything but a minor character. He was the leader of Dutch's gang and John Marston's boss before the original Red Dead Redemption.
Might this be possible, install snes classic kernel?\n convert my mini Classic  NES OS to Snes mini Classic OS
This songs reminds me that Christmas 2017 is coming....
i managed to find it thanks
Fuck yesssss
i already know this...
Do humans next.
MORE OFFLINE MODES PLEASE
That was really awesome. Where did you get your knowledge of x86 assembly and reverse engineering?
Kindly add Pakistan's flag
You do a debunk on Blastoise and the Cannons on it's back

Please cover birds of prey. They seem to be hard to kill with no AA guns added yet. Also cover turtles and if u can maybe those ancient croc-like salamanders
dday for the first time in 12 years...
Faked for views
 <3
1 minute to go
At
Clash of clans is my favorite game I have ever played.
Eastern European countries actually were making imitations of zx spectrum (commodore) and we had them all over the USSR in the 80s. We had all the games on pirated cassette tapes sold all over the street markets.
TEY TOOK UR JEEEWBSSS
Builder hall ruined the game, too much to focus on.
Omg I can't wait for the game to come out
This deserves no dislikes, omg so much nostalgia 
This doesn't answer any of my questions. Where do i go to get answers?
You don't let anyone post so it's a useless function.
Says dogs are the top of the meta\n\nGoes on to explain how cats are actually the top of the meta, while dogs are the strongest class.
They should really start adding spells
Is this the ps4 trailer.
I already knew about giant cannon and all the other unreleased things because there is a hacked one with them
dey tuk err juuuuuuubbbbbbb
So like can I play Xbox?
Ditto please
your wrong, after the small black hole evaporates it creates an explosion powerful enough to destroy earth.
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
Yay
I see theyre now using II in the title... I think it was 2 before if I can remember correctly \nHey guys, look behind you. lol
You've made a video on the feline mains, now do one for canis mains
yo I cant wait for it
Your setting yourself up for failure in another video. Then you won't have the pokedex to lean on for backup evidence
HD yeah right !!..>.<.. 480p rubbish, this need to be 1080p -_-
ay mario was was lowkey killin the dance 
I'll buy one when it plugs into my brain
Life is unfair!
A few nitpicks:\n- 30 seconds is too short\n- YouTube should definitely be an option\n- Why 480p?\n- You should be able to record AFTER you press the button (maybe press the capture button & the d-pad at the same time?)\nI'm grateful for this feature, but it can definitely be improved on in the future
HAHAHAHA I just noticed you are using the Kerbal Space Program soundtrack! Nice choice for a space episode!
After watching the new episode.... I can say south park is dead! For fuck sake; what happened guys.
Good job oculus!
im crying real tears right now
Quick question, do Banthas count as vehicles?
your skill is legendary
looks blurry af tho :/ hope it will be 60fps at least
People still play this shitty game?
Aside from Chrono Trigger every rpg lover should add Lufia 2 to the snes mini, great game! Also does/will this run patched translated roms like Star Ocean and Seiken Densetsu 3?
lol, what can i say ?
mew
Do a spider build my guy
But does it play knack?
What the hell is this video? I dont understand whats going on
This is on trending
Supercell give me Account PLZ
I cant get it to work. Help?
Like si queras que hubiesen mas de 100 unidades en la batalla como antiguamente
Might this be possible, install snes classic kernel?\n convert my mini Classic  NES OS to Snes mini Classic OS
Please do a honey badger video they're such cute little deadly devils
I need this in my life.
Here before this blows up.
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
Please find one new tropps like mega gaint
#41 trending
Hey TZ, Do you mind doing a video on humans? Listen I've been a human player for a long time now and their viability is inarguable but lately I've been getting sick of these griefing clans    and their bullshit. It's gotten so bad that I'm honestly considering switching over to Dog, its a much simpler play style. Keep up the good work!
+supercell i have a request you to please update friendly challange as builder base
Crystal is very annoying.
ok i really wanna buy the oculus rift but an someone explay this to me:\n1. i would like to walk in vr (just move a bit you know) is this possible with 1 camera? or 2?\n2. i saw that its possible to play htc vive games with the rift?? is that true and could someone (short) explain how?\nthank you!
In Hungary the curtain was a bit more loose, so there were zx Spectrums at schools, and also c64 and amiga smuggled from Austria. Videoton also made some pong console clones, and there was the fairly popular Yellow Cartridge Nintendo ( srga kazetts ) clone console.\nThere's a documentary about the Commodore64 game developement called Moleman 4 - Longplay.\nAlso all those Trabants make me feel nostalgic. We had one until 2007.
Greece fought 2 its a shame that we didnt get even an honourable mention ;(
Nintendo Mexico please
I sense a Battle of the Bulge scenario.
That fact about the 3-D vision for the hammer heads tripled me out.... Also could you do a video on the Dog? Or the housecat?
Why am I watching. I can't even afford a switch.
Always such clear helpful videos. What a legend!
But it does have its own prossesor inside or it connect with the computer
Gen 3 hypeeee
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
Does retroarch work on the snes as well? I'm interested in putting some gameboy advance roms on it..
Hey, greetings from Berlin! :-) Nice video!
I need this to happen
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
Why do shoting games hate Nintendo!!!!!
Can you talk about humans?
Man socialism sounds fun.
It's easy to laugh when they have no idea of the context. When Nintendo released the NES Classic, many stores were only given about 4 or so and then they never got any more. Most of them ended up being bought by scalpers who wanted to turn a profit, meaning a tremendous amount of people who wanted the system never got the chance to buy one, especially after Nintendo announced they were cancelling their run of the system. It's only natural to assume the same would happen here seeing as that's just how Nintendo has been running their ship for a while now, so can you really blame these two for waiting for hours to make absolute certain they got the thing they wanted?
This is something that, when I watched, I was surprised no one else had done it better
FINALLY, SWASTIKA!!!
I saw swastikas like if u saw them
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
wow!http://www.ebay.com/itm/253202403957?var=&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
There are levels of rarity in star cards - Ayy my favorite
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
WOAH WOAH WOAH SLOW DOWN! Your telling me.. That Oculus Rift is going PORTABLE?! I MEAN I KNOW YOU MADE THE GEAR VR BUT THIS?! THIS IS A WHOLE DIFFERENT CENTURY WE'RE STEPPING INTO PEOPLE!
*Watches Video *Nicknames Charizard 'Muffin'*
Well, we already have BH8 in private servers so.....
I'm tearing up right here, legit
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
Don't hate me this is my first red dead redemption game I've heard about but it looks really good.
Just gotta say, awesome idea. Love this. Don't stop.
Wtf runs this thing
Do you get to keep the game, or is it only playable on July 11th?

Now let's talk about the worst class\n\n\n\n\n\nHuman,i mean we smart but not smart enough to figure out that we should stop killing each other damn griefers(also human builds have a load of debuffs)
I like how she tells us how we dont know everything about our favorite plumber, yet she called peach the peach princess
where's reese
Hey! I really enjoyed this video, being someone who has an alt in the Ocean Servers (Shark Guild, Thresher Shark build specifically)\nI was curious about a couple insect builds in particular, though, so I figured this would be the best place to ask (not a huge fan of insects, so I avoid most of their boards). What's the deal with Bees? Why would they spec into an attack that fatally damages themselves?
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
Gotta say, you missed one of the best builds the Greenland Shark. It has the highest HP clocking in at at least 300 years, maybe more, they have an anti freezing buff which makes them immune to become frozen, and have one of the best smell stats of all the Sharks.
To address a lot of peoples concerns:\nThis game does have micro transactions in the sense you spend money to get crates with a chance of giving you better start cards. Better star cards means lower cool down and other minor differences. You can still earn these cards by playing the game. It's no different than Battlefield's battle packs or Overwatch's loot crates. Also all the DLC's are free and you will not be required to buy anything more than just the base game. People need to quit complaining and appreciate the fact that the devs have done so much more this time around. They delivered on most things people asked for and yet people continue to find something else to cry about. How about appreciating the fact we get free DLC's and much more.
This fucking democratic channel...
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
He got his mustache from puberty
Just let the game die jesus
I like it more than other!
You've yet to cover any air builds up to this point (birds)
* just bought star wars battlefront and then sees this *\n\nU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!!?
I almost blew up my hand playing with dry ice.
Hey Nintendo why don't you do a new super smash bros for the Nintendo switch and 3DS
Pokemon Sun and Moon? You could continue the multiple universe theory!
AWESOME!
There are crocodiles in America as well...but they are rare and only in the very very Southern Portion of Florida
Dog, if you want to care for a mammal that will love you in return for caring. Cat, if you're lonely and want a furry buddy nearby, and just want to set the food and water out.
Did he stumble at 1:48? It looked like they tripped over each other's feet
WTF IS THIS???
Dead but Ill play
Why didn't you show Mario 2 or 3 when you put the cartridge in? The best ones!
OH MYYYYY HOW MANY DLC IS IN THAT GAME
Since you did big cats can you do canines too? I know hyenas are more related to cats but could you add em in too if you do? Thanks LOVE YOUR VIDS
I need to connect to the monitor and demonstrate it
Supercell, that looks awesome!
Boyega is a cuck
this is 10 out of 10 work. I CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH IT!
dude do a tier list for bears
What does XD mean
does this work for july 11 2018?
So it's essentially the gear vr minus the phone. It's literally exactly the same. Even the controller. And that one is made by occulus lmao
You have to tap the button three times to swing. Once to start it, once at the left end of the meter to set the power, and a third to swing. Such a great game, so hard to watch you play it.
Mosquitoes
Do a Bisharp theory
Love the vids dude
Im still waiting for super monkey ball 3 for the gamecube that was announced at E3 when the gamecube was out....smh im still waiting
Multiple legendaries
Omgod Lindsey.  She already won.  I love her! She has to win all the way.
Good one. Wondering how fashion startups like Dignyty.com  utilize VR to better match apparel  to prospective buyers.....
added about 80 games to mine. all work except mario all stars. unsure why.
I wonder if doom will run at 60fps. Because the game was designed to run at a solid 60fps and anything less just won't work in my opinion
Empoleon
I really gotta learn sign language.
Magcargo
fuck facebook
Can't wait for SethTheProgrammer to debunk this
free game behind a dance-wall
uhhh question: what if gardevoir could compress the mass of something small (similar mass to a bullet) inside the danger whatever it may be?\nsure it would quickly evaporate but in the fraction of a second that it would exist it could burn the danger away (altough I know nothing about black holes so maybe I'm wrong)\nor I don't know... gardevoir could compress THE DANGER ITSELF! once again it would evaporate, but that would work in the trainner's favor would it not?
WHOO!!! 
SNAKE TIER NEXT PLEASE
Can you do a video on best sleeper builds? (A.K.A best builds that shouldn't work but work extremely well)
Soviet history?
two questions - weight & battery lifetime?
Amazing
I like Trump. No im not a white supremacist nazi or whatever. I just think us americans need to quit being so sensitive. Trump is our callous
Expensive...
ELECTRONEUM... THE NEXT BITCOIN!?\n\nIt's worth buying at least $100 and see what happens. Many people wish they knew about Bitcoin before it took off! \n\nBitcoin started at $0.003 and is now over $5,000 each coin!\nThis new coin is in Pre-market Sale right now through October first. Offering an extra 10% bonus coins with each purchase! Coin sale is at $0.01 per Coin. Goes public on November 1st 2017. \n\nUse my link, when you buy, to get another 1% free coins:\n\nhttps://my.electroneum.com/join/43E7AC\n\nHit me up if you need help getting setup.\nTake advantage of this before you wish you had!
barbarian lvl 14 + army camp = op
He is so handsome
All my buildings is max and my builder hall and im waiting for the new one I've been spending my gems and I have now 1001 gems
But does it play knack?
I want to start a bird of prey build but I don't know which to go for. My friends say go Bald Eagle and hope for a United States Spawn but I'm not so sure, Crows have high int (Valuable trait), but a peregrine falcon surely has the most intense gameplay! Help TierZoo!
This is some real games journalism bruh
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
Local trainer battles,  wild pokemon battles, exp/lvling through these means, and trading.\n\nThis is what you need to get back the kinds of numbers you were pulling when this first came out.\n\nI mean unless you guys hate money or something. Idk if that's your thing.
I love this game so much, thank you SUPERCELL!  I love the attacking Chinese players and destroying their bases.
What the fuck is this even?
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
Were domestic cats coming or was that just a joke in the video on cats? :-p
Looks epic !
No positional tracking means this headset will suck
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
How long before the SJW's make them take out Mexicano Mario?
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
Yes Nintendo, but what games am I gonna capture if there are no games to capture.
can we all take a moment to appreciate the INSANE ANIMATION QUALITY.
I really gotta learn sign language.
Looks really good
I read the title as spookymon
I have a question.  What?
Marty's hands keep shaking, is that hype?
It's been a long time coming, and I'm hyped!
imagine the games we could create if east germany rose again\nI'd be the leader of the new gdr and I'd allow war games as long as they where through perspective of eastern countries
Let me guess... DLC...More DLC...Mirco-Transactions... Even More Mirco-Tranactions...spending $150 for an incomplete game that requires me to purchase DLC.... I doubt this BattleFront 2 will beat the Original...
all dirty gemmers! :D
Clickbait.
Wait is this about a game?
sunarto
Wow look a waste of money!!!

Now NINTEND since your trying to be like everyone else why don't you try one more thing like everyone else and let us share with people on YouTube
Why is not Rex or Fives in the game
This was stupid
Hyped
I guess the whole land lord thing inspired hotel mario
cat class best class
Please please just do dogs I really love the American Bulldog if you can clue it I will greatly appreciate it love you videos
Offline h ya online
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
Hi there,\nNow i've been a long time player of the Jaguar class, and this channel has been a great help for me when min maxing my stats and gear, so thank you!\n\nI was just wondering why you have not yet mentioned the Human Civilization expansion pack that was introduced 20,000 years ago? As a long time player of Earth, i'd like to know your thoughts on how that expansion changed the game and whether or not Human is a viable class.
Here before this blows up.
0:18 Actually I do. Trust me, I'm a pretty big Mario fan.
Is splitscreen arcade playing the multiplayer modes with bots or is it like a wave survival? And are we able to play the multiplayer modes splitscreen offline?
Nintendo Mexico please
I thought this was for real life, then I thought he was talking about a video game, then then I thought he was talking about real life in a video game... Im so confuzzled
>Capitalist Luxury
Nice work!
#35 on trending gg
UNBELIEVABLY INCREDIBLE! Lindsey is so talented it blows my mind!!!!
look like it's time to kill demons and Nazi on the go!!!
RIP GOO OL DAYS!
Would be better if it was a half hour.
Lmao teammates? You mean servants lol
god damn scalpers
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
Aren't you concerned that the video might be taken down for the music?
Let's go Nikki!
Will I be in the game?
there was a morality system in red dead redemption
Can't wait to watch this episode, although I really hope Trey and Matt follow through with that they said about going back to their old format, the breed and butter of South Park is kids being kids, more Eric fucking with Butters and the episodes being more focused on the kids! I love their style of satire, and loved their last season with Trump and internet trolling, it was funny, but enough with politics, I was really excited when they announced they were going to be returning to their old ways, so I hope this is a one of episode just to settle us in.
Pauline please succ me\nMario please defeat all the jerks who disliked this
Me fascina Clash
I'm tearing up right here, legit
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
Gotta give points on that Hitchhikers reference game theory.
woah it was amazing! I really enjoyed this  XD
I LOVE DOGGGSSSS.
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
people from YouTube are considered stars now? must be running out of contestants...
The peach princess... do some more research
This should be on billboard top 100
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
I need this game to live
Derk a Derrrr
It's a prequel guys they had Dutch in the trailer
Odyssey to the se! Ody-Wait...WHY so many dislikes ;-;.\n\nEdit:fixed grammar errors.And whos hyped? :D
Will this allow you to add NES games to the SNES as well?
I cant get it to work. Help?
Yea I already know this....
Dead....
0:11 YOU HAD ONE JOB!
Feel bad for the airline having to deal with entitled crap like this.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
Wait these guys aren't dead?
I seen this trailer
>playing any marine class and not speccing into deep-sea survival\n>plebs don't know about the goblin shark
Dog maining elitist here forgot to mention how cat's make great defensive units when you're hoarding resources, and also boost immunity to certain diseases.  They have a strong morale boosting AOE, but the strength has a greater variability than the dog class.  Overall, their stats tend to vary more.  In some cases they can even exceed that of a dog.
is it possible for you guys to make gta san andreis for nintendo switch
Keep in mind, that Densi dound its way to Russia after fall of USSR and was, essentially, a cheap alternative of NES, since the pric of the latter was around 2 or 3 (maybe more) montly family budgets.
star fighter assault for the republic
I got dee oculus and what's the difference?
THE TOOK UER JEEEb!!
Cats are the embodiement of PvP players. Selfish as hell and cheat wherever they can. Dogs form thier APvP guild to contain the cats, then get baged by dog catchers. Wow games really do model real life sometimes.
How come ray's weren't included in this patch
Lindsey rocked it. She's a contender! Awesome lady amazing talent
dude do a tier list for bears
Can you put nes games on there too?
Too bad the in game graphics won't be nearly as good as this
Wtf is this on trending
Have you heard of whats called different universes?
I got that hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference with the wale and flower
DEY TOOK AR JABS!!
It's a prequel guys they had Dutch in the trailer
If switch gets doom\n\nOverwatch is a must now.
So she played the game, but doesn't even know that the white car is franklin's car? 
its not 1886 its 1889 do your research
Fully torqued
do weepinbell
Cant wait for la la land 2 on The 27th
It's been a long time coming, and I'm hyped!
I freaking love Frankie! \nYou know some people are like, 'Don't call me Carlton.. 
White and fabric?  That's gonna get dirty too easily.  Especially if you're supposed to have it on the go.
I guess the whole land lord thing inspired hotel mario
I love that Amalgamation remix. No wonder why it's your favourite song.
would love to see more videos like this Georgie porgie.
Hi, Modding the NES I had problems getting hackchi v2.17d working. At \nthe time of syncing error message WAITING FOR NES... So I used v2.20 \nwhich worked. Version 2.20 does not have the scraper for cover art.\n\nNES STEPS\n1. SETUP HACKCHI V2.20 WITH MODULES\n2. COPY VERSION 2.17D HACKCHI2.EXE TO VERSION 2.20 FOLDER.\n3. RUN V2.20, DUMP KERNEL, INSTALL DRIVER, FLASH ORIGINAL KERNEL, EXIT\n4. RUN V2.17D SCRAPE COVER ART\n5. RUN V2.20 SYNC AND WRITE ROMS \n\nSNES STEPS\n1. SETUP HACKCHI V2.20 WITH MODULES\n2. COPY VERSION 2.17D HACKCHI2.EXE TO VERSION 2.20 FOLDER.\n3. RUN V2.20, DUMP KERNEL, INSTALL DRIVER, FLASH ORIGINAL KERNEL, EXIT\n4. RUN V2.17D SCRAPE COVER ART\n5. COPY ART WORK FROM GAME FOLDER TO SNES_GAME FOLDER\n6. RUN V2.20 SYNC AND WRITE ROMS \n\nTHANKS TO SYN208 & ETA PRIME FOR THEIR TUTORIALS
High Five, to all South Park Fans!!! :D
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
could you do a video on the spider tier list? and i mean true spiders, not tarantulas.
Amateurs....
amazing ingenuinity on part of east german programmers, even if their gaming industry never kicked off\nimagine playing western games for hours so that you can make your own copy from scratch and discussing coding with other programmers through (non-electronic) mail\nhats off to people like andre weiflog
$200?! I'm actually excited to get this
Whoever disliked this video has to have some sort of mental disorder.
Nice #44OnTrendinh
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
visite.MAHAMMAD SPORT
When I turn mine off I get a C8 error
When were friendly battle come in builder base
Heeeyy ttheyy teerrrk ourr jeerrbbss!
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
For the dog you forgot about recognizing invisible desieses and alerting their handler
O mais impressionante  ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrrio, provavelmente com auxlio de um espelho. Que cordenao impecvel!
only 30 seconds?????
You are a fucking genius
pls add builder hall friendly challenges pls.
Eastern European countries actually were making imitations of zx spectrum (commodore) and we had them all over the USSR in the 80s. We had all the games on pirated cassette tapes sold all over the street markets.
ftt
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
DO BUGS
fixes 10 year old bug for a huge community\ncommunity switches to a new game\nrip
I'm not gonna bother pre ordering after the first one. enjoyed it but too many annoying features. Wana see how the reviews play out before spending any cash
Pure cringe
SUPER MARIO BROADWAY SHOW \n\nIT NEEDS TO HAPPEN
Matt and Trey said they're done with the whole politically driven episodes like they did in season 20. In an interview, they said they're going back to the insanity they used to do. They're tired of Trump everywhere all the time (and I completely agree). 21 will be NOTHING like 20 and I can't wait!
24 on Trending
*fills playlist with Mario oddessy remixes*
For $200 I'm in.
Reminds me of the Star Trek:TNG episode The Game\nhttps://youtu.be/ilIhdTG_UmQ
This is something that, when I watched, I was surprised no one else had done it better
I was watching those videos for a month or so, and just now I understood the joke: tier means beast in German.
Derk a Derrrr
This is an app for android and iOS.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonusxp.legend
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
I want a stranger things game similar to Friday the 13
i'm not crying
As a dedicated sawshark main, we build for it because of one important philosophy, SOYO. SOYO stands for Swaggin On Your Opponent. I don't understand why tier lists don't understand this.
Watch him become a meme somehow
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
That was really fun to watch!
Where is part 2 of indoctrination theory
I love him Frankie
Yasuo vs riven.... leauge got me imagining things
Trending. Nice job George!
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
Even though Clone Hero's rise in popularity has caused bug fixes like these to become less monumental, the work you do is still incredible. Especially when you have to get around DRM. Fuck DRM.
DID YOU HAVE TO PUT A TIMER IN THE BEGINNING
The runescape intro lol
Fucking Doom wasn't expecting that, will buy
thank you for posting this.
Oculus Go F*** Yourself.
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
This is an app for android and iOS.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonusxp.legend
Do lucario
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the ?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
I main oxpecker and my hippo is the best tank and support so kys I don't agree so I have the rights to destroy your self esteem. Also, can u do a video just talking about the Tier because sometimes I get confused
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtZyn-07DY-iScwfHkrzKFQ
#35 on trending gg
Maybe Oculus could partner with Nintendo to make Switch VR, the joycons could be the hands, just connect 1 to the switch (for the gyroscopic features and use the other as a controller, or have 1 one the switch and use 2 for full motion in both hands... \_()_/\n\nThough that would kinda just kill this product... eh, Id buy Switch VR, or if they called it Virtual Boy 2.0 :D)))/
MDO 8
ok 1 i am at 2:22 right now but as we know research and facts can be debunked as new evedence is presented. Things can be thought right and never re evaluated through time as we have seen in history before... that is until someone actually dose look at it more in depth. The Pokedex is rewriten almost every game meaning new information in the pokemon world is found also meaning they know that this process exists and that the knolage on pokemon would be in a grey area untill a set time that they have cold hard facts figured out which could take many many years. also... blub blub
I can't play Pokemon go! I can't even get a new account! Plz fix that!
I like Trump. No im not a white supremacist nazi or whatever. I just think us americans need to quit being so sensitive. Trump is our callous
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT!  #Real
Holy shit my boy bunnyhop made trending? So cool to see!
Can u make it so you can challenge on builders hall plz
What game is he talking about
Vr is dead. Stop already
So roms are running on the SNES classics own emulator? Or how is this working?
http://share.tbal.io/v2/app?code=2P3DX44Q use refer cod and get 130 Rs true balance app
It is such a sweet easter egg and it shows how much Iwata was a big part of Nintendo and that his legacy will live on! Congrats Nintendo! I really think that is so lovely of you :)! RIP Iwata-San :')
Thats awesome but still waiting for Nintendo to release an update where they ENABLE BLUETOOTH for audio devices. I want to use my Bluetooth headset on the go.
YYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
ok, but where's Soulless 69?? :P
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
Finally they basically made it Battlefront but Battlefield style.
By stand-alone Im guessing it wont need a PC or smartphone?
0:20 *your favorite not-so-plumber anymore italian.
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
DID YOU HAVE TO PUT A TIMER IN THE BEGINNING
Gus come in India plzz
Please be real.
Very Spoopy
Eastern European countries actually were making imitations of zx spectrum (commodore) and we had them all over the USSR in the 80s. We had all the games on pirated cassette tapes sold all over the street markets.
I got mines for 8 dollars at dds
Gameplay next game of the year probably :D
I think your video is on trending, at least on mine it seems. \n\nGood to see hard work pay off.
TURTLE BUILDS
Odyssey to the se! Ody-Wait...WHY so many dislikes ;-;.\n\nEdit:fixed grammar errors.And whos hyped? :D
Its not that hard to obey the law in this game. There is definitely a reason these people are being complete and utter idiots.
crystal could totally be a model. cute face n eyes.
I laughed too
But you forgot what happened on the MacQuire Island server. Cats were banned, and rats crashed the server (along with rabbits, but rabbits don't grief nearly as hard as rats). Seabird players at least at least had a fighting chance with cat players, but cats are a hard-counter against rats. And trust me, if any player can crash a server, it is rats.\n\nGranted, the concern was the feral cat subclass as opposed to the outdoor cat playthrough, but similar effects either way. \n\nhttps://youtu.be/gqOzTh2pjEw?t=12m27s
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
Single player YaY)
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
Let me stop you there at 1:57 you're already wrong it's not a main source of information in the games manga and anime pokedex's are rare and only handed to certain people only the protagonist has one in each. Youngster Joey doesn't have a pokedex. None of the champions even refer to a pokedex except Cynthia
Sounds like current year gaming politics.
Can you please talk about the human build.
oculus go to the polls
This music reminds me of super Mario land for some reason
will dump kernal overwrite the NES Mini Kernal I have previously dumped?
That museum was very cool. Really liked seeing the old games and tech.
Dislike because IGN
Trading update plzz
Someone I know was recommended to watch this video. Hence, I am watching this shit and cant believe you already have 175k subs.
WOAH WOAH WOAH SLOW DOWN! Your telling me.. That Oculus Rift is going PORTABLE?! I MEAN I KNOW YOU MADE THE GEAR VR BUT THIS?! THIS IS A WHOLE DIFFERENT CENTURY WE'RE STEPPING INTO PEOPLE!
the top coc
This was so informative, thank you. I've always wondered what it was like to work the code of an allready compiled game. I never considered that they would put preventative measures into it to stop you. Impressive how you figured out a way around it anyway.
Well deserved laugh.
For $200 I'm in.
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
Super Mario Odyssey is not a musical
Noice
best for your hentai
0:40 was the best part of the song imo
I LOVE DOGGGSSSS.
We are living in a simulation. Someone above us already invested this.
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
Hey Guys,\nNeed A Good Clan.....\nJoin Social Arena !!\n Fast And Good Donations\n Continuous Clan Wars\n Free Elder And CO If You Are Trust Worthy\n Must Be Silver League Or Above
I ship them!!
Wasn't expecting that, good job.
What tier would the Goblin Shark fall into?
Kodiak grizzly? Best 1v1?
I'm barely literate when it comes to code, It just eternally eludes me but this video was entertaining and informative as fuck! \nAmazing stuff.
I'll buy one when it plugs into my brain
Ok hi guys I like your on my god so f*** you I am so so much work
man i love me some POKEYMANS!!!!
Where can I find the 13th heart?
damn starting with mgs3 huh
Feel bad for the airline having to deal with entitled crap like this.
Lmao i love this guy
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
I was watching those videos for a month or so, and just now I understood the joke: tier means beast in German.
2:18 this part was the best of this dance show , she was so perfect
The best :3
Thats a new subject matter. DANKA  I am makeing subscrib to wonderful YouTubes channel.
RIP GOO OL DAYS!
At least Facebook is still trying.
Cool video paying your respects to him. 
all i'm saying is where can i get one of em hats?!?! looks like it would help out enormously... #atthebackofthecoffeeline
You have to sup to keisuke hes so FUNNY 
Nobody cares about VR
Ready player one
I saw swastikas like if u saw them
This is cool but to be honest it's useless nobodies going to use it for twitter or Facebook people only would want it for YouTube and if it was longer than 30 seconds
Only 5 game modes :( last one had like ten and that was the best part about that game.
This is an understatement: You're fucking incredible.
A 2 minute video proves nothing. Cutscenes don't prove anything. Games are about GAMEPLAY.
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
I hope they fix the matchmaking. I dont want to be paired against bh7 as a bh6. Ima get recked every time. And I hate rushing
Peanut butter tuna sandwich!!
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
10:22, because its 4 O'Clock and im still on my computer and the light of it is bouncing off it
Haha communism really suck. It will never work out, ever.
Wheres that dog tier list?
I love your videos mate, keep it up !
technically since black holes suck in light you would notice a growing darkness near one as the light is removed forming a shadow, which also means looking away from a black hole would be brighter than looking at one (as looking away from one you would observe the light getting sucked into the blackhole and as a result, in your direction). think of it as a light that emits darkness
This makes my gamer heart happy
This story is a jewel. I have researched the history of computing in the Warsaw Pact countries and it is wonderful to see the quality of this work. I am grateful. Thank you very much.
I just lost my audio in the main menu need help.
I wish there was more content on YouTube like this.
I like Trump. No im not a white supremacist nazi or whatever. I just think us americans need to quit being so sensitive. Trump is our callous
I just 3 starred a base with dragons. The dragons were only 4K elixir because of the event, same for the lighting spell. The base that I 3 starred had 1,100,000 elixir!\nThats what I call a Positive elixir Trade  (   )
OCULUS SUCKS, VIVE IS BETTER
iTzu must be the winner. The rule is you must not use  the same army composition in two consecutive attacks. KING uses the same army in Game 3 and Game 4. He must be disqualified. Why on earth you guys don't notice it?
Coming 2019
My god this game is just MADE for gemmers. Seriously, I cant even max out before they add another unneeded update
Can u make it so you can challenge on builders hall plz
Gen 3 hypeeee
Can you watch porn on it, asking for a friend.
Where can I find the 13th heart?
If you wind up bricking your console, you can likely reflash it and get back to gaming
Too nerdy for Game Theory? Ha! NOTHING IS TOO NERDY FOR GAME THEORY!!!
You just got a new subscriber, very well done.
They did not just say that...
WHAT IS THIS VIDEO TRYNA SAY HUH, BLACK PEOPLE ARE THE MOST VIOLENT!!!????? jk
For $200 I'm in.
What GAME IS THIS??
Can you explain what the hell is going on with the great Potoo?
*:v*
Frankie bears a strong resemblance to joe montana.just add some curly locks.
THICC
oh man--  i keep reviewing this-- hillarious well hhmm so i saw 6 or so games that would be fun to play and replay most ive never played before so ya sorry nintendo  if i was to egt a snes id like to play  5-6 gameso n this system true and some other oens i liked that arnt included on this version heres to a snes mini 2
FINALLY
In this new island they should not reward rushing. It gives the other person a huge advantage in attack. Instead they should make it so there are leagues for each builder hall lvl. I cannot tell you the amount of times I did well on a bh6 just to find out I get 3 starred by max leveled witches. In conclusion, they should reward players for taking there time with there base and have them face off against each other.
Thats awesome but still waiting for Nintendo to release an update where they ENABLE BLUETOOTH for audio devices. I want to use my Bluetooth headset on the go.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I always wondered whatever happened to Carmen Sandiego.
Crystal was the only one atleast trying
SNAKE TIER NEXT PLEASE
thank god with that 46,000 views that it's on the trending page. how much does youtube charge to go on the trending page?
He grew it wow you guys are hella dumb
Fuck facebook, I will not give them a cent of my money. Garbage of a company.
fucking moron can't speek? holy fuck wts is this? get cancer and die.
F tier sharks actually exist. Like the salmon shark and porbeagle.
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
Aside from Chrono Trigger every rpg lover should add Lufia 2 to the snes mini, great game! Also does/will this run patched translated roms like Star Ocean and Seiken Densetsu 3?
Cats are more of a jungle class I believe, Sneaky assassins and all.
Nice try but not so good
So good!!
Goodson!!!!!!
>Cat owners are infected with a mind virus\n>This is why my dog that eats its own shit, I have to walk every day and  barks at passing cars  at 4 am is superior
This is where the fun begins.
2:02 *HAPPY?*
SOB this is what I've been asking for months!
Its not a sequel you ignoranuses
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
Do a movie
Too funny!
L, R, Start, Select is supposed to reset the game. I guess hakchi modified this original behaviour.
hd remaster for la noire... LOL That game does not need an upgrade, it still looks better then most games coming out these years.
He is the OA
Introduce the Camera you're using
wow rood there are a lot of good things in wisconsin ok\nbut ++ on the tier list my dude B)
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
Nice
You can play almost any class as human-support.  I just came back from the snakes video, thinking what about pets?  I main Ball Python, my character is the most boopable snek in the world!~
E10+ rating?
Holy moly can you speak or not?
Supercell plss help me plss unban my account #PP9PPQG8 before the event start plss I will not do account phishing plss please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please unban my account
They are so good at covering games that they do'nt remember Dutch, and that he is old in RDR, and here we see Dutch way younger, so props to IGN for being so good at seeing everything but the obvious...
GOTTA OCULUS GO TO THE STORE NOW
Stuff that should be trending
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
Hi, just a quick Q: Was the CScreenElement names etc. part of the binary code? Or did you add them manually as part of disassembly?
hahahaha... that was just plain mean.. funny shit though...
Malcom in the middle class.
0:26  YEAh THAT WAY!
What about ranged classes? \n\n\nEtc spitting cobras spray venom to their opponent causing victims health to keep draining until death unless the opponent is too big which is usually not the case because in the desert servers (which is where they live) the opponents are usually small enough for death usually that's their main attack but if that doesn't work they aren't afraid to bite you with the same effects \n\n\n\nElement venom \nIntelligence: 40\nStealth: 70\nDefence-low (but high for its size) so: 20\nSpeed- once again low (but high for its size): 30\nHP:20\n\nAnother ranged class is the Egyptian vulture.\nEgyptian vultures pick up rocks into the air using the move flight which utilizes the air element to lift it up in the air.After the vultures pick up the stones in the air they drop the stones on eggs (an earth element move) with tough shells killing their opponents before the baby stage reducing competition but the vultures had to develop high intelligence for that sometimes they just pick up the stone and start hammering at the egg without even flying into the air.\n\nSpeed:80\nStealth:80\nAttack:30\nDefence:25\nIntelligence:80\nHP:30
Follow me!
Im really into VR but I dont get this
Whoa...
yes completely ignore the native american.......idiots
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
Oh my god this is so amazing. <3\nA huge kudos for you bro!
This is going to be good
I want a stranger things game similar to Friday the 13
lol I like when he goes to interview the dude and it just cuts off
The train robberies were clearly a MUST, thats practically a trademark for bandits back in the day
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
i'm not crying
Maybe they meant to say that it can manipulate gravity around it rather than creating a black hole. It would make more sense that way since there are pokemon and moves that deal with manipulating gravitational pull on themselves and their opponents
You can win everyone \nPeople moan if it's future bullshit or they moan if it's in the past \nMake your Bloody mind up\nNo wonder Activision can't decide straight away what game to make as you half of the people wanting the opposite thing
booooooooo! wheres the 90's Mario!
FINALLY, SWASTIKA!!!
they took your job
Yay, Doom on low settings and 30 FPS.
i don't believe in the conspiracy, it might play a small part  but its probably cats because tribes helped them cause the kill mice that eat grain, so they were a support class but not any more.
Hi
The first thing you don't know: Princess peach is the peach princess.
You are such idiots van der lind was the leader of the gang of williamson and javier escuella, and he appears in the trailer as the politician they thought
Remember that time black death players caused a server wipe for human players?
Dutch Van der Linde was anything but a minor character. He was the leader of Dutch's gang and John Marston's boss before the original Red Dead Redemption.
What is new updred
That footwork has me shook
I can finally hang myself in peace.
Please make a video about gaming in communist Poland. It's actually quite an interesting topic.
where is the green guy?
Can you talk about humans?
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
Do you think it's fair that some animals get passive bonuses from aesthetics, which was designed to be purely cosmetic? For example tiger's stripes that also give a bonus to STL?
Hm... okay... interesting... wait a tic... WHERE TF IS WALKER ASSAULT??!!?!?!
Interesting:)
Dog playas represent.
So mewtwo is not the strongest pokemon?
I laughed too
Yo, somebody start working on an animal rpg ASAP! You can use these for reference
where can I find it and bring it to the Nintendo switch
Dont give a damn about multiplayer, this is what I wanted
Yellow fever Parker & (((Stone))) revealed who they really are politically with lousy season 20, which lets us know which side they'll shit on over Charlottesville, so fuck 'em. But I'll still watch The Cartman Show.
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
What is new updred
Next. Kirby the pink glutinous rice ball. The laziest character design in the world lol.
1 minute to go
Oh my god this is so amazing. <3\nA huge kudos for you bro!
PLAY OF THE GAME: Doggo as Dog: 76
I'm gonna have to call bs. Radiation is light, right? Then how could it actually escape a black hole? I'm personally convinced by the idea that it gives off radiation is nothing more than light slingshot off the black hole's gravity like most science fiction. Otherwise, there are actual particles that are not affected by gravity to any extent.\n\nGuess which one seems more likely, but who am I to reasonably question science.
This is still a thing?
Gardevoir makes a sphere of intense artificial gravity, simulating a black hole.
This legit makes me want to cry.
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
Is this an actual game or just a fun little animation?
Wow that's amazing bro...
Just let the game die jesus
Anyone else experiencing delay in sound response since having added games?
I've been waiting for this forever
Can someone give a name of the soundtrack?
Never thought Id see the day that VR would be as cheap as 200 bucks.
Mario looks SO realistic
Nice game
Hey that's some pretty good asmr
Woah woah woah only five game modes?!
Ive caught all of them :D
That's not mario, thats FLINSTONES.
Dogs: Look at this team! We're gonna do great!\n\nCats; I need healing!
This is just me but I don't like dogs \n\n\n\n\n\nI taste the dislikes now
Iconic:v
Rey is gonna be the Luke Skywalker from Battlefront I. Except she looks more like a faggot
Possibly the Nintendo's version of Grand Theft Auto.
hype
Nice job.
Can someone post a zip of the ROMs along with the box art, and metadata like 1P/2P, supports save, release dates, etc, like someone did for the NES Classic ETA video?
heres the first thing. Pokemon is fictional, it doesnt always need to follow every real life law of physics
The RS music memories of getting PJed.
I just remembered this was a thing
I've been showing this video to everyone. I have two cats, and I just don't see them the same anymore. Now I want a dog, you jerk. Seriously, though, your videos are downright fascinating.
You have to pay after 2 samples, I would know. \n\nPs. Yandere waifu.
Black Holes Matter XD
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
REMEMBER NO PREORDERS!!!
#GeneralTony
I learned all this stuff a year ago I even read a book on Nintendo
I hope we get to play the riverboat robbery massacre that is hinted at so many times in the first game by Marston.\n **Spoiler for Red Dead Redemption 1**\n\nThis is when the group split pretty much, or at very least list some ppl incl. leaving Marston for dead.   I'm really hoping the the line said in the 1st trailer is Morgan telling Marston basically if it all goes wrong just turn and don't look back, maybe even that's said right before the riverboat heist is about to go down.  \n\nAnyways so excited, but IGN you guys should do your damn research before speaking.
How should I go about building my bacteria class?
no sound?? beautiful
if only Iwata was here to see how Nintendo is ruling 2017 :(
Supercell plz bring spells in bulider base that could be fun plz
Watch my YouTube videos
This is amazing.
this is DOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPEEEE <3 <3 <3
Thank you great video. Much needed.  We are still susceptible to the temptations and failed promises of socialism.
Forgot humans another deadly rival
Do the human build,Its what I main and Im kind of just sitting in a Jai-I mean school,and Ist really boring.
That background music is a variation of Runescape music
Hey Nintendo why don't you do a new super smash bros for the Nintendo switch and 3DS
i LOVE this into
Rednecks, Randy with something that looks like a giant ass. I am curieus what This episode is gonna be About
Sand sharks?
Would you consider making a video about what would happen if we banned humans? I've been trying to find a server without them for years.
Pikapoo
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO000000000000000
I already knew about giant cannon and all the other unreleased things because there is a hacked one with them
I just 3 starred a base with dragons. The dragons were only 4K elixir because of the event, same for the lighting spell. The base that I 3 starred had 1,100,000 elixir!\nThats what I call a Positive elixir Trade  (   )
I'm very confused wtf is happening
Rockstar should use this to make a The Dark Tower game.
well, I guess that isn't truely fixing the bug? tho it would take a lot of effort to import 32767 songs and get a score on each one
What nonsense that score they gave him was trash!!! He should have gotten more than that
PLAY OF THE GAME: Doggo as Dog: 76
lol just remake the old game with better graphics and customizable weapons. it would sell like crazy
Nobody cares about VR
0:16 I haven't heard that mario voice clip since Mario 64. Nice throwback.
I could get the graphically superior versions on PS4 but I'm getting both of these on Switch.  Portability > Graphics
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
Now if only they'll add more pokestops and make the battle system not boring
Will Oculus Go support Home and Dash?

THE LEGEND HAS SPOKEN!!
8:08 thanks for the fan service george
They're milking this dead game dry
I'm confused
I'm interested in your opinion of the viability of the blue ringed octopus build
The Hudson river, two years ago...
http://share.tbal.io/v2/app?code=2P3DX44Q use refer cod and get 130 Rs true balance app
I'm cool with some DooM on the go.
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
Hey man thanks for the video it was very helpful!
Will gangbang porn be better with these?
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
I was disappointed. Im going to watch it again, to seal my disappointment with the episode, im going to add a layer of philosophy to it witch i probably didn't see amd isn't really their to digest it differently in hopes to find humorous meaning that may not really be there. </3 They should've either stopped at season 17 or stopped making them run together like a bigger longer cut.\n\ntl;dr this episode was disappointing.
There are pokemon like yamask who apparently where at one point humans according to the pokedex but this has some holes like how are there human ghosts if they become pokemon when they die?and how do they even know that these pokemon were humans?
1:06 I live in berlin and never knew about this sooooo....yeah ;)
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
7's? Wtf do they give bad dances?
So no pc connection? What makes this better than my phone thrown in one of those google cardboard boxes for like 5 bucks max? I'm only here for the mobile VR porn anyways.
Sad Luigi... Never getting the credit he deserves...
This song is actually lit af.
Hyped
Nintendo never heard of the dark theme :(
DEY TUK ER JERBS!!!!!!!!

Wheres that dog tier list?
oculus go to the polls
Cringe
Im actually trying out the Homo sapien build and i wanted to sak your opinion on it.\nI kinda suck with it so some tips would be appreciated.
02:26 Chewy stands on a nail 
Since Halloween is coming up could you talk about the controversial Ghost builds?
Who the hell plays this dumb game?
Hopefully this evolves into a virtual reality game where we end up getting trapped by the creator and if we die in the game we die in the real world.
man wtf im still at builder hall 4
UR DEAD JUST STOP TRYING PGO UR NOT RELEVENT ANYMORE
Gus come in India plzz
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
I freaking love Frankie! \nYou know some people are like, 'Don't call me Carlton..' 
Cool!
Trick-or-treat while trying to not get lost
Awesome channel. I'd request you to cover cryptids, but I'm not sure if it is just hearsay or just a very restricted closed beta thing. Severe lack of gameplay footage doesn't help too.
Im glad such a unique underated channel is getting some spotlight and is tending.
Can't upload videos on Youtube. :(
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
Oculus Go F*** Yourself.
Who till plays this
As a dedicated sawshark main, we build for it because of one important philosophy, SOYO. SOYO stands for Swaggin On Your Opponent. I don't understand why tier lists don't understand this.
In-depth horse relationship   (   )
Do a bacteria tierlist
Waiting for the downgrade
Yay
So....they finally made their own Google Cardboard? Seems there a bit late to their own party, Jesus.
I think we need a legendary character build video where you cover Bigfoot and all the other mythical builds. Could be fun
Soooo.... what I'm gathering is that Thor's hammer is heavier... than a microscopic black hole with the mass of a moon? Tbh I have no honest why I thought of that. I'm stupid. If you had my twelve year old mind, you're understand.
This is still a thing?
I get Nes Mini not found, sorry when I click install driver, following your directions at the dump kernel step. Tried all my usb ports (they are all 3.0), tried stock cable, and other cables to make sure it wasn't cable. I'm on windows 10.
*sheds a tear*\nR.i.p Fairyodd parents
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
As long as this is a step above phone VR, Im game. I dont expect bleeding edge graphics from a more expensive VR headset, but non potato quality would be nice.
any players who havent played rdr but likes cowboys?
MINDBLOWNINEEDTHIS
lol, what can i say ?
Was anyone else thinking that if the ad 'took' inspiration from 'La La Land' it actually doesn't seem to really conflict with the 'cheeriness' of a Mario game?.
He is the OA
Do bats!
I like it
If you get to play between all 5 members of Ducth's gang in different locations like GTA5, i'm gonna ejaculate and shart on myself simultaneously.
Best anime song ever!!!
How about looking at the past meta at oceanic preds. How they rised & fell and if there might be hold outs still refusing to quit.\n\nAlso might be interesting if the devs might bring back some of these builds since there have been possible leaks of some subclasses returning to the current meta.
Already caught them all, just need the shiny variants
Cool video paying your respects to him. 
I got that hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference with the wale and flower
I was bornnn to winnnnnnn
why 30 second? 10-15 minutes is good but 30 second...
fixes 10 year old bug for a huge community\ncommunity switches to a new game\nrip
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
Less than 300 likes and 27 comments but its on trending?!?!??! \nOk YouTube
I love this shit
the top coc
It seems like theyre heading in the right direction like the old battlefront games.
great video!
So glad you uploaded this thank you!! Lindsey and Mark are my fav couple this year. Their chemistry is amazing and I know their choreography and costumes are going to blow us away this season. I am rooting for them to win!!!
If this was like last season it would have taken 3 episodes for alexa to go missing.
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
now this is what they should've done with the first one to begin with, well done EA, now to see the catch
So uhhh whys this in trending
Yay! Thank you!!
I still want achivements.
My heart.
20v20?\nThat's it?
Please add in barbarians riding dragons and there ability will be to drop a barbarian when they die.plz make it a thing
That background music is a variation of Runescape music
lol, what can i say ?
more electrogadget shit we dont need. next.
Please be real.
Man, the salt from catfuckers is glorious. Can't even handle shitposting if it mentions the catshit from which toxo plasmosis is spread.
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
The VIVE is still better though o3o
I'm very confused wtf is happening
What if pokemon is magic and they is no science to it.\nWhat if pokemon have inner power that can create and control energy.
godson what did u do
I still think game sharks are f tier
What safe websites can I go on to download games to do all of this? I don't want to get in trouble for downloading roms if it's illegal.
Lindsey Stirling and Jordan Fisher are the only reasons I will be watching this season. Top 2 anyone?
0:21 look at Marios hair so detailed \n\nIs Mario old???
But you forgot what happened on the MacQuire Island server. Cats were banned, and rats crashed the server (along with rabbits, but rabbits don't grief nearly as hard as rats). Seabird players at least at least had a fighting chance with cat players, but cats are a hard-counter against rats. And trust me, if any player can crash a server, it is rats.\n\nGranted, the concern was the feral cat subclass as opposed to the outdoor cat playthrough, but similar effects either way. \n\nhttps://youtu.be/gqOzTh2pjEw?t=12m27s
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
literaly this biggest waste of time ever no one even plays the buulder base except to boost the clock tower to get gems lmao super cell ur game has become trash because of how money hungry u r.
Game looks amazing a cod in recent years that I am Excited for.
Well look at that. Nintendo says the word Nazi and shows the Swastika and the world didn't end. Man fuck these developers and their infantile pandering to the dumbest people on Earth.
More videos like these! They're awesome :D
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
Oh man, I remember that game.
tbh Bf1 campaign is so dull and too fast, i hope Cod Ww2 bring something new to me, my last cod is Aw
So wtf does it do
The Dance The Music and The Couple just PERFECT Yes!!
I live in east Germany. :) The video is very good as always.
why am i still getting TWO items per pokestop?!
This is a Russian conspiracy to kidnap kids while they're trick or treating, that's what I heard from CNN.
LOL this trailer just spoiled me a lot, I just started watching
Hello
Legend.
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
more electrogadget shit we dont need. next.
Best anime song ever!!!
Your work is so good and very appreciated.
the bug was _exiled_
Roasted.
You can find builder hall 8 and its upgrades in the vid
Just a game within a game. No biggie.
WHY YOU ONLY HAVE GOT 15 SUBS!?!?!?!?
Yellow fever Parker & (((Stone))) revealed who they really are politically with lousy season 20, which lets us know which side they'll shit on over Charlottesville, so fuck 'em. But I'll still watch The Cartman Show.
Please Netflix!
amazing work!
Iguana is the true support meta. It's the only service animal issued to counteract the dreaded 'crippling depression' debuff.\n\nToxoplasma and enemy detection are no good if your human party leader went and ate the business end of a shotgun while you're stuck in the house.
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
I did the exact same thing and yet i didnt get it
No goblin shark?
Please understand.
Can you inform us about all the balance patches until this day?
Is it worth hacking my SNES Classic if I can already hack my NES Classic? Are the graphics any better or anything like that?
nice
You've got to wonder sometimes.\nPart of the Soviet Block's problems were just a severe lack of industrial capacity.\n\nAround the time Communism took hold, if you compare Russia to the United states, one has massive amounts of industrial infrastructure, the other is still dominated by rural farmland and relatively little industry to speak of.\n\nYou might think it sad that all they managed is inferior knock-offs of western computer technology, but when you really stop and think about it, the fact that they could build semi-decent clones of this stuff at all was a major accomplishment in it's own right.\n\nComputer technology requires a LOT of resources to do effectively.\nSo much so that the most critical components are the product of maybe a half dozen factories at most.\nAn earthquake in a single country a decade or so ago, which crippled only one or two factories was enough to cut the global supply of RAM chips by 30%\n\nEast German computers huh.\n\nI guess given those restrictions, if you had the connections and wealth to get a machine imported in the late 80's it seems pretty clear to me you'd want an Amiga;\nSince you weren't allowed to have software... Yeah, that seems like the most impressive thing you could get if you had to make all your own software and tools for it...
1:23 ...the Pokedex, this pocket encyclopedia... I'm gonna' have to stop you there, MatPat. It's not an encyclopedia at all! If it were, it would be called the Pokepedia! Instead, it's a PokeDEX. Why? Because it's a Pokemon index! Indexes are informal collections of information designed to give a general knowledge of a given subject. Thing is? An index isn't held up to anywhere near as high a standard as an encyclopedia. If the author of the index chooses to do proper research and find the real truth about things, all the better, but it is nowhere near required. Which is why some 'dex entries for Exeggcute claim it to be a cluster of eggs, while others say it is merely MISTAKEN for eggs frequently, when the truth is they're more like seeds. Mistakes like the former are acceptable in an index.
I already knew
Where's my boy Tank Dempsey?\n\n\n\nit's a joke
I want gta 6
on my console it dont work :(
man too bad new games costs so much I'd get this for the campaign, might play multiplayer a bit but mostly for the campaign
For $200 I'm in.
Supercell plz bring spells in bulider base that could be fun plz
How Mario got a moustache:\n\n\n\n\n\nHe grew it.
I wonder if doom will run at 60fps. Because the game was designed to run at a solid 60fps and anything less just won't work in my opinion
We don't know if it's a prequel Young Dutch was in the trailer you dopes...
Is it just me or this smells like fucking downgrade?
This channel is done incredibly well, fantastic job! Easily one of my top 3 channels. I'm stoked about upcoming content.\n\nIf we are allowed to make request, I'd love to see birds of prey. Recently did a falconry tour and it was one of the most amazing experiences I've had.
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
Still don't see any Droidekas! The one thing I was looking forward to playing as.....Dam it.
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
SWASTIKAS! 2:02
Watch him become a meme somehow
xbox crossplay, please
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
This is Not Video Capture is Social Capture But Can You Make anither Video Capture Where we can Stop Recording at Any time and Don't Have to Hold the Capture Button and Like Make a Record In Settings or Stream In Settings,Please! I really want To record For Any Minutes
Yes omg yes I think I came. Is that meta?
just saw that jimmy kimmel picked derek fisher to win----don't think so!!---lindsey and mark to win!!!
But but I just got the new vr
I thought this game was dead
It looks like a movie my gawd
You don't let anyone post so it's a useless function.
golbat is interesting to me can you please try it
Can someone tell me the theme in the background?
I'm going to guess the $1k PC or console and controllers aren't included at the price. :D
Im a adult now, but i cant handle the hype, Mario is my hero
Is there a reason as to why this only happens on PC and not console?
fox news lady is pretty
Hello Dear   I do not work AA, I work for one of the major carriers. Yes, platinum  members are entitled  to perks like upgrading. But if someone wants to pay for that seat , they have priority.  , upgrades are given out minutes before boarding . In your case if the system gave you that seat and allowed you to book it, it should have been yours. It was an error. In there part and you should have been compensated.   So
It's about 10:30 at night and I've smiled more from this video than I have all day, even when I pushed that Minotaur off a cliff in Destiny 2\nI really thought this would be some shitty countdown video, it's actually an informative and hilarious video. Keep up the good work!\n+1
Finially VR hentai games now available to the poor
Is splitscreen arcade playing the multiplayer modes with bots or is it like a wave survival? And are we able to play the multiplayer modes splitscreen offline?
Who till plays this
low settings 720p 60fps im fine with it just 60fps pleaseeeeee
Marty your not sure if this is a prequel or a sequel? Here is a little help. Dutch is mentioned in the video. By the end of Red Dead Redemption what happened to Dutch? So if he is here then this time period shown in the video must be before RD1. If your not sure what happened to Dutch by the end of RD1 check the wiki he details exactly what happens to him and how if he is in the game it confirms that this time period MUST be before RD1 as a prequel.
You are a fucking genius
is this a joke or is it real?
If they continue doing that stupid unorganized serial shit this season, I will shoot up my school.
2K views and trending wtf youtube
is this a joke or is it real?
I'm cool with some DooM on the go.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! No fucking way... How?! I mean... HOW?!
Can you play the single player campaign with a friend?
This legit makes me want to cry.
So dank will buy again 18283828181/181822288282
30 seconds whoopee doo
Looks epic !
What about the wolf build
Hey supercell! when you are going to launch brawl stars for android and for all the servers of the world!!
THE TOOK UER JEEEb!!
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
Can we have Indians in this one
free game behind a dance-wall
Will buy...if it's 75hz refresh and has zero god rays! Not holding my breath on either of those!
Yes omg yes I think I came. Is that meta?
will all the heroes and maps from the first game be returning in battlefront 2?
Love it!
Hey\nI have a very important question. How the f... do i save my game progress for my extra added games, without using the suspend point option? I can't save my progress on the cartridge (rom)? Can we fix that somehow?
Here's a Pokemon MatPat could do: Magcargo. Mainly because of it's Pokemon Sapphire entry: Magcargo's body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees F. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokmon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.
Mako sharks are B at most, They're delicious to humans.
Random stuff\n \n \n \n _My shiny teeth and me_
I caught the Halloween pickachu today. Made my day. and I didn't even have to go outside I just turned on the app and I also caught some of the other Halloween pokemon as well I believe i'm only missing one.
Please make a video about rat builds and their possibilities
will all the heroes and maps from the first game be returning in battlefront 2?
@ 1:21 I wonder if the fish swim away from you
wtf!? WHAT ABOUT MY OCULUS RIFT + TOUCH HEY WHAT THE FUCK WHERE ARE MY GAMES!
Could you do an analysis of the arachnid tier?
How about fixing your old s*** before you start making new.
This is also the case in all of the former soviet bloc countries. Taping software/games on cassettes in order to share them to the few people who had some sort of bootleg commodore 64 was common practice.
Why upload the first 33 minutes of nothing?
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
lol I like when he goes to interview the dude and it just cuts off
As a PSVR owner, and a hater of Facebook...I support this. The more people buy any VR system the more it will grow
VR is nice and all, but I believe AR is much more accessible and sense-friendly in that you DON'T have to blind yourself to have a great experience. Not to mention I'm spooked by VR progressing beyond just a wearable screen and controllers.
Pauline is my new wifu
Super game torrent game I have not worked for two days please solve the problem and thank you
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
Dead game.
and how to connect, wifi ?
Hey Guys,\nNeed A Good Clan.....\nJoin Social Arena !!\n Fast And Good Donations\n Continuous Clan Wars\n Free Elder And CO If You Are Trust Worthy\n Must Be Silver League Or Above
new theory\n\ngardevoir is an evil psychopath bent on the destruction of the entire earth. or maybe it does this to save the universe by stopping Mewtwo. just a thought.
But what if a cubic metre of air (mass ~1.3kg) was condensed into a black hole in the centre of an attack. It would have a lifetime of 1.8*10^-16 seconds, but could surely disrupt the attack velocity, energy, etc. If not, the movement of air would also affect the attack, disrupting it in some way. If it compressed 10 cubic metres of air, the black hole would have a lifetime of 1.8*1^-13 s and even more mass to disrupt the attack. This also isn't considering the heat that would be generated by compressing so much mass so quickly. My point in this argument is that the black hole does not need to be stable to affect the environment and if the description was accurate it would be beneficial not to have a stable black hole as that would destroy the earth as stated. Also there is plenty of mass lying around that could be used, and wouldn't be noticed missing. Although it takes tremendous energy to compress matter past its neutron degeneracy pressure, is there an accurate or reliable scale or description of what psychic powers are? Idk, I thought of this argument and found a calculator online.
goooooooooood
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Does Randy have great temples?
Page not found :(
As a PSVR owner, and a hater of Facebook...I support this. The more people buy any VR system the more it will grow
God, Mario is my childhood he was my idol, my hero, and he still is today. Thx for the memories nintendo!
What u should know about Darth Vader, funny: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlYNwEWAUoU
Explain the immortal jelly and how it has been breaking the meta for as long as it existed!
Happy Halloween !
did anyone make it work? I tried but it didn't work.
*radiation has energy which can be converted into mass\nRadiation itself doesn't have mass.
Zorua
#35 on trending congrats
gorgeous legs
We miss you Iwata-san TT.TT\nMad respect for Nintendo for that easter egg!
Nice work!
I thought frankie was dead?
Is this the ps4 trailer.
Holy shit Nintendo is back, now if they could bring The Witcher 3 for Nintendo Switch, then there will be a excuse for me to buy a Nintendo Switch. Something tells me SONY is watching and saying holy shit is time to bring PS4 Portable.
No goblin shark?
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
i got idea for town hall 12 do u know town hall 10 it was lava for town hall 12 it can be made out of water
Lol wat I have more subs than this company:0
But I'm not finished with builder hall 6 yet 
ok, but where's Soulless 69?? :P
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
Hello Dear   I do not work AA, I work for one of the major carriers. Yes, platinum  members are entitled  to perks like upgrading. But if someone wants to pay for that seat , they have priority.  , upgrades are given out minutes before boarding . In your case if the system gave you that seat and allowed you to book it, it should have been yours. It was an error. In there part and you should have been compensated.   So
Wait, what's the joke?
that yellowstone reference killed me
Am I the only one who thought persona when they heard the music?
This is dope
These are all builder Hall 8 defenses! Thanks for the preview for BH 8 :)
Ive never been so excited for a mario game or a mario musical before
Heh, we criticise the ess jay duble uuus and the altright two scoop natsees
Wow
O mais impressionante  ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrrio, provavelmente com auxlio de um espelho. Que cordenao impecvel!
MatPat, Palkia says hi. Its signature move, Spacial Rend is literally a blackhole.
The reason that it's only 30 seconds long is because the feature is meant to capture game moments. Remember when Xbox introduced that feature by saying Xbox record that? Nintendo is basically doing the same thing. Ppl in the comments are saying they want full on YouTube video length recording features and that's not what Nintendo intended for the feature.
Hello Everyone,  the Kingdom of Heaven is at Hand.  JESUS CHRIST is Coming! Confess and Repent from your Sins Today.  Give your life to JESUS CHRIST as your Lord and Savior now don't wait Time is Short.  We are living in the End Days!  JESUS CHRIST is Coming!  \nSo is Judgement!  Heaven is Real and Hell is Real.  JESUS CHRIST is your only Hope to Salvation.   JESUS CHRIST loves you. Thank you God bless
Is any Pokmon scary?
Not to be that guy but some sharks can passively regain stamina without moving
#pokemonstrong
This thing better have a gtx 1080
You should cover the wall builds in the current meta. Like how the Tortoise poured all of its stats into defense at the expense of all of it's other stats. Or maybe even a Toxic Stall set like the Komodo Dragon? I really want to know if any of these builds are viable in the current meta as of the recent pollution patch. Thanks!
When?
Directly.
Vr is dead. Stop already
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
cant wait for chrismas
does not work on europe :(
#37 ON TRENDING BUNNY! CONGRATS!
Its a prequel, unless there is another Dutch.
Official 2.20 HackChi !!!!\nhttps://github.com/ClusterM/hakchi2/releases/
it's not north or south dakota, or montana, or literally anywhere you listed because none of those places are the WEST.
Gengar and clefairy!!
is this a joke or is it real?
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
MAKE 2 BUILDER IN BULDERHALL MEN FICKS IT PLEAS 2BUILDERS
Is this a game or a movie, I can't tell
Jump man Jump man Jump man that boy up to somethin
That was really awesome. Where did you get your knowledge of x86 assembly and reverse engineering?
they know they can't do a whole minute because the Nintendo switch has no space
2:10 OH MY GOD!!! I've never seen that side of her!! It feels weird, but I'm glad she's having fun and trying new things!! :D
Clash of clans is my favourite game.Supercell can you give to me the Mega knight in clash royale
yes barbarian king ko jungle me mungal karna hi chahie
new star wars mmo with these graphics <3 <3
And then they fucked.  And it got awkward.

are they really calling this red dead redemption 2? :c
Anyone else experiencing delay in sound response since having added games?
10/10 according to Edge! :O
me Sorprende que lo pueda correr en la Nintendo switch
someone explain how this is trending?
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
 Alt right gotta take this L
The baddest mofo in red dead is still Juan Sierra: Quien quiere peleyar con migo!
he still have the same yahoo i love lol
Only the real diehard fans still play this game. Gl out there peeps!
I just 3 starred a base with dragons. The dragons were only 4K elixir because of the event, same for the lighting spell. The base that I 3 starred had 1,100,000 elixir!\nThats what I call a Positive elixir Trade  (   )
Great videos! Can you make a banned tier list video?
Puto king :v
added about 80 games to mine. all work except mario all stars. unsure why.
i managed to find it thanks
Man yall should really add bring cargo again. That was my favorite game mode on the last battle front game
I like how the original Donkey Kong theme is incorporated into this song.
GO? Go where? You're completely blind folded.
I guess the whole land lord thing inspired hotel mario
When were friendly battle come in builder base
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
They continue to fight whites/flags/statues while MY PEOPLE die DAILY in the STREETS.  Pink elephant.
Thats how my sister plays lol
XBOX IN 3RD PLACE NOW FOR SURE! SERVES THEM RIGHT THO HAHAHA
As long as this is a step above phone VR, Im game. I dont expect bleeding edge graphics from a more expensive VR headset, but non potato quality would be nice.
I strongly recommend to the people who liked this video to watch the Dendy russian video about an angry russian dude (acting like the AVGN) talking about his childhood playing those NES knockoffs and ports of newer games on that nes hardware. It's very interesting and fun to watch!
I'm betting and hope one of the  main characters is a the native american with the rag sack.
Can u make it so you can challenge on builders hall plz
best for your hentai
Dumb Question,  For UK Super NES do I pick SNES or Super Famicom.
Sue these motherfuckers.
one of the best dances by far
Roasted.
I've noticed in my marine play throughs I've come across supportive microbial classes. I was just wondering at how available this class is to regular players since I've always started my upgrade tree past unicellular. I want to try and spec into algae, but I don't know where to start.
I think you should move the Great White down to an A rank. The reason being, Great Whites have this huge disadvantage of being sensitive to climates. They seem to be one of the only characters that will take damage in captivity even after being released, so bad in fact thatno player has ever been able to survive long aftersomething like that. Also they have a really competitive early game stage, where new players have to battle inside the mother to see which one will get to continue playing, which greatly drops the amount of players.
Whoever disliked this video has to have some sort of mental disorder.
If anyone can let me know if u can get this to work on firmware 3.0.2 that has been connected to the Internet let me know
bitch has a thicc ass damnn
Follow me!
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
One of the first
I thought it was gonna be like Playstation Screenshare. Oh well. :(
Anikan Skywalker?
Talk about the moose build!
If you look at 2:01\nYou know we're getting a hell of a good campaign
Steelix
Finally! It's only 30 seconds but at least we got something
More of a Zelda fan myself, but dang man, I'm excited to play this.\nProbably haven't been this excited for a game since... Breath of the Wild... huh. Funny how that works out.
Well look at that. Nintendo says the word Nazi and shows the Swastika and the world didn't end. Man fuck these developers and their infantile pandering to the dumbest people on Earth.
24 on Trending
Oww
Dutch is in the game. This is obviously a prequel lol
I cant get it to work. Help?
        
The link no longer exist
heres the first thing. Pokemon is fictional, it doesnt always need to follow every real life law of physics
it's gonna be a weird feeling when the kkk and nazi's are on my switch.
It's a step in the right direction, but man they have a long way to go. I love shadowplay so much
I can read it cuz I'm magic
Did the developers really think that no one would exceed the 375 text \ninstances? I'm just shocked that they wouldn't check to see if the pool \nwas fully depleted. You also mention that the score itself uses a text \ninstance. So with 260 songs causing the crash, how many had the score \nbeside it? In other words how many text instances before it crashed?\n\nOh and nice job, really informative and loved the video!!
I ship them!!
When you skip the guys talking and just watch the trailer. Can't wait for this game!
He speaks to a younger dutch at the end so i'm guessing it's a prequel!!
When Clair de Lune started playing at the beginning I stated tearing up, god dammit Danganronpa V3
Fox news... lmaoo
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
Lets'a go
Coming 2019
I want him to win.
Whos on team godson
Do a Mario + Rabbids theory!
This is more interesting than a Vsauce video, keep up the good work Exile!
But you ignored the whole it uses psychic energy to create the black hole it, out right stated the creation technique which can be interpreted to mean that it uses its psychic energy to condense the mass but it could also mean that it creates one out of pure psychic energy which would be a completely different entity then a black hole but may be explained best by using a black hole as an example. Also I think it should be acknowledged that true psychic abilities are not necessarily covered by science so its hard to say what rules of the physical world it obeys and follows gardevoir may create a true black hole of mass but through psychic energy be able to ignore its gravity and manipulate how the force acts on its environment like how we are able to direct a vacuum cleaner it may be a tool she can use.\n\nJust curious about your thoughts on this? Still love the show though.
OHH MYY FUUUCKING GOD ITS BACK! <3
Another hyped up preview
lol your enthusiasm about unfettered is entertaining. also you sort of sound like Paul Miller of The Verge
What do a penis and a cucumber  have in common?\nThey both are the same shape and the both have cum in the middle \nCuCUMber
In-depth horse relationship   (   )
WTF
Can you mention Axolotl mains and give them a few pointers? I'm not one, but I was considering wiping my previous account as a fox to try something with better health retention.
Wow Nice update.
This episode was so weak.
so let me be your token german george.....  the DDR had video games?_
VR is barely scraping the market,so let's make a smaller, portable and expensive one!\nTaking tips from Sony - just like with the PSP
   
So wtf does it do
i wouldn't dream about EVER being forced to choose. I wouldn't tolerat it becuz its like choosing between ur children. They both thoroughly allow my heart all the magic it can hold...and MORE. Hellfire, I need some horses too, chickens maybe, throw in cpl turtles, i want a zoo. The more---the better. Life is all that better.
Have you not caused enough damaged a silly white kid jumped over the white house gate to catch a Charizard. Stop it we obviously can't catch them all! Also mind where you place Pokemons like the white house, North Korea, volcanoes, and Kim Kardashians butt. Places like that. Stay awesome Pikachu.
i stopped playing the night village\nit sucks so bad man
Dutch is in the game. This is obviously a prequel lol
I visited that museum last year and they've got a lot of interesting things in there. Berlin is a fantastic destination in general. The food, beer and nightclubbing are next level.
Cool can I have normal voice chat now?
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
My unpopular opinion: gen 3 is overrated, gen 4 is underrated. Please respect opinions, even if you don't agree with them
Love This game I played The first one Amazing.. BUT IT'S MISSING a few things that would take this game to the next level.  LIKE CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION AND It Would be nice to be able to keep your level from SWB Pt. 1 AND EVENTUALLY BE ABLE TO LEVEL UP AND BECOME A BOUNTY HUNTER, JEDI OR SITH WITH YOUR CHARACTER JUST SAYIN.
Wow Nice update.
Moltres like how does the fire stay alight when moltres is flying super fast
all dirty gemmers! :D
You do a debunk on Blastoise and the Cannons on it's back
I love this game so much, thank you SUPERCELL!  I love the attacking Chinese players and destroying their bases.
Luigi god his name from GASP LEO LAIGI LUIGI
Trending omg Im so proud of this channel \nLike if u agree
Hey! That's pretty good!
My favorite shark is the frilled shark, it's older than dirt and looks like it.
When you wait to completely upgrade all your building til you upgrade your town hall the. The update comes
Yeah, because the Switch can totally run these.\nGuys I was joking, please stop replying !
Anybody else screaming at these two dudes because they kept talking about maybe Dutch is in the game when we clearly seen him at the end of the trailer when they played it the first time you recognize him immediately plus he asked Arthur Do you have my back? to which Arthur replies always Dutch.! Dutch van der Linde looks exactly the same except younger , longer hair and not on the Run so he looks more taken care of..
Why do shoting games hate Nintendo!!!!!
Ive never been so excited for a mario game or a mario musical before
I feel like the kid in the trailer is john and this character, Morgan, will at several points cross paths with John. I think this new character is gonna betray Dutch at some point and maybe Marston will be the guy that kills him.
Anikan Skywalker?
Only $505165131651 get it now
i managed to find it thanks
Yes Nintendo, but what games am I gonna capture if there are no games to capture.
me Sorprende que lo pueda correr en la Nintendo switch
suppercell.. please I will change my name..help me
How heavy is wailord exactly
Came to hear about the multiple lies in the Dex.\n\n\n\nGot a fifteen minute lesson about black holes and one pokemon lol.
Only thing cod is good at the story
Well lets all hope that Miiverse will come to the switch.
Looks great! But please...pretty please. Bring it to the Nintendo Switch?
Please can you do Pikachu?
Hello Everyone,  the Kingdom of Heaven is at Hand.  JESUS CHRIST is Coming! Confess and Repent from your Sins Today.  Give your life to JESUS CHRIST as your Lord and Savior now don't wait Time is Short.  We are living in the End Days!  JESUS CHRIST is Coming!  \nSo is Judgement!  Heaven is Real and Hell is Real.  JESUS CHRIST is your only Hope to Salvation.   JESUS CHRIST loves you. Thank you God bless
You are such idiots van der lind was the leader of the gang of williamson and javier escuella, and he appears in the trailer as the politician they thought
Does it connect to steam?
02:26 Chewy stands on a nail 
This is quite amazing is there a chance we can get them dancing in their fancy suites only really like to see the whole dance number
Now we're talking!
on my console it dont work :(
Nice job.
PEOPLE WE'RE GETTING A FIFTH ARMY CAMP
Red Dead Revolver\nRed Dead Redemption\nRed Dead Redemption 2\n\nIdk would have been nice to have a new word, but I guess corporate marketing has its way yet again. Shark cards much
YEAH TIP ASSIST
You can see the constrenation on his face lol
You didnt obey the law actually
These guys did not even play the first red dead redemption
This looks dope as hell
haill to bethesda now wee need fallout 4
ok i really wanna buy the oculus rift but an someone explay this to me:\n1. i would like to walk in vr (just move a bit you know) is this possible with 1 camera? or 2?\n2. i saw that its possible to play htc vive games with the rift?? is that true and could someone (short) explain how?\nthank you!
Perfect
*the graphics*
Yo devs humans need a nerf
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
I want to start a bird of prey build but I don't know which to go for. My friends say go Bald Eagle and hope for a United States Spawn but I'm not so sure, Crows have high int (Valuable trait), but a peregrine falcon surely has the most intense gameplay! Help TierZoo!
someone explain how this is trending?
I want to know how eevee can evolve into all of those types and how the heck that happens? I want answers MatPat!!!
I hope we get to play the riverboat robbery massacre that is hinted at so many times in the first game by Marston.\n **Spoiler for Red Dead Redemption 1**\n\nThis is when the group split pretty much, or at very least list some ppl incl. leaving Marston for dead.   I'm really hoping the the line said in the 1st trailer is Morgan telling Marston basically if it all goes wrong just turn and don't look back, maybe even that's said right before the riverboat heist is about to go down.  \n\nAnyways so excited, but IGN you guys should do your damn research before speaking.
There is 1000 salty people
Like if youre a seal player
They will fuck it up same way some how
I AM\nHYPED FOR THIS 
Stop
Will the be available on the Sega Genesis?
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
look like it's time to kill demons and Nazi on the go!!!
Don't know why some people complaining about Oculus Go.. This is GearVR level headset in just $200. You don't need to pay $800++ anymore. \nYes, it has no positional tracking, but this is only $200! Santa Cruz prototype will cost a lot more, you will see. \nP.s. I personaly will buy this just to watch movies in virtual cinema. For me it's dream come true..
I don't know how you feel about Zerg builds, but at up to 40% of the playerbase/Biomass, Ants need to be acknowledged
Nahh nigga I will download Pokemon go again
Hopefully split screen 2plyr online modes as well
Bru Im pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
Someone put scary music over this
Did anyone else spot the Odyssey at 1:11?
Wtf did i just find
I could probably do that. It would be difficult, but not impossible.
Thanks to star cards, new players are still at a disadvantage against players that have earned lots of star cards. \n\nAlso, because of the battle point system, players that are not particularly good will not be able to play the game the way they want. They won't be able to easily attain vehicles or characters they wish to use, which may ultimately ruin their gameplay experience.\n\nAlso still no capital ship to capital ship combat like in Pandemic's Battlefront 2.\n\nCome on DICE, all you had to do was give the fans what they want, an update to Pandemic's battlefront games with conquest mode and ground to space combat, including capital ships.
Ocuckulus
https://youtu.be/yNrQ5IaAJ4I watch the video...
Please make a video about rat builds and their possibilities
The video is pretty fitting, considering Mario Odyssey comes out in a week. It's hype!
haill to bethesda now wee need fallout 4
Trending omg Im so proud of this channel \nLike if u agree
NEW TECH!!! https://youtu.be/ctFg0XC9_8Y
My body and mind are ready for this game but my wallet isn't smh. 
Peanut butter tuna sandwich!!
nosnipperclips support? come on....
Thanks for informing people to start saving money because builder hall 7 is 'COMING SOON' 
this should be a series
10/10 according to Edge! :O
BLAZIKEN. PLEASE DO BLAZIKEN!
Why is this stupid idiot talking about black holes for a Pokemon video so stupid talk about running out of content
Tbh i dont realy like this i feel like mario should just die the time he was around was fun but this is too much and too long its getting boring and stupid all the work put in this amazing vid is fine but its just my opinion
NEW TECH!!! https://youtu.be/ctFg0XC9_8Y
When Clair de Lune started playing at the beginning I stated tearing up, god dammit Danganronpa V3
Great, now I want to download it again 
Have you considered making a twitter and posting images of the tier lists you've done as well as maybe a sidebit or extra piece of analysis on a specific class that otherwise wouldn't make sense in a video?
2:06 RIP BATTLEFIELD 1
Mario can dance better than all of us
I caught all of them already
These guys are such morons. Especially Sliva is such a tool. I can't stand the guy.
Can you upload Nikki's dance?
GEORGE on TRENDING!?
Hey man thanks for the video it was very helpful!
Fuck facebook, I will not give them a cent of my money. Garbage of a company.
roses are red\nyour dislike is pending\nsupercell pays \nto put this on trending
Scum scum get cancer and die black woman. Lol lol
White and fabric?  That's gonna get dirty too easily.  Especially if you're supposed to have it on the go.
The Large Hordor Collider lol
NTSC-J games work as well, even some english patched ones I tried. However, the NTSC-U rom of Super Street Fighter 2 that I have doesn't boot. The system throws up an error.
Watch him become a meme somehow
Is the boy in the trailer a young John Marston.? It would make sense in terms of time scale
Def need an bird tier list. Really want to see where you'd put an african crowned eagle.
The pokedex is still in Beta, \nevery game the professor mentions that you and a few more trainers are trialing it. \nThat's why it's your job is to complete the pokedex.
That hitchhikers guide reference!
Welp This show is dead I used to watch it from season 1 in 1997 if that's correct but now I will never watch it again I member (pun intended) when this show would kill kenny every episode have random plot lines and now it's just political shit I thought u said u would end the politics story line shit and the carecters now cartman a evil boy now just a fairy shit bag randy the new main carecter literally and kenny the background carecter u call him a main carecter he never appears anymore u should give him screen time the bus stop is dead pc pricible was the main reason this show is shit if u would have killed him off like u said u would maybe mr garrison wouldn't care about the Canadians and the show would never be all politics I will watch it tommaro but if it's all political shit and not about the kids (like you said) I will quit this show better make me happy from ur old loyal fan from day one who's about to quit this show good day and pls read this ps pls make this show better
Can we get comparison between the crocodile and alligator builds? Which is better at dominating their respective biomes?
Random stuff\n \n \n \n _My shiny teeth and me_
! !   ^  !.
When is bully 2 coming i am excited about that 
tonight is new season south park season 21\n\nlike prediction \ntell story why and who people hate emoji movie
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
All of the videos in your recommended vids were smash bros things... \nAre you perhaps a Fox main?
Matpat!! Please do a theory on Duck Season, the VR game. It's mysterious and would be a great episode! Like if you agree and so Matpat can see.
So I tried to put battletoads battlemania but it doesn't seem to want work whenever I click on the game it just resets can anyone tell me why? Does anyone else have this issue?
Here before this blows up, it's only a matter of time. This looks awesome, but please, please, PLEASE don't make a bad game adaptation! We all want to see a good quality game and not something rushed and thrown together just to earn some quick money.
Talk about the platypus (also I think you could revisit this topic)
Pokmon Go
Anyone know the song?
Too funny!
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
Rodent tier list when? It would be very beneficial to those of us with rodent alts looking to succeed.
EA, I can almost hear Bakers voice as the clones. EA, why not Morris? EA?! IS IT BAKER OR MORRIS?!!
dday for the first time in 12 years...
Oi supercell
I thought Malcolm would run for president now
30 second unskippable ad..... guess I won't be watching this video
Mario in real life sorta? Idk... I just dont feel right...\nOverall this is a great game,\n\n\n\nGET IT? OVERALLS?
The second I read this title in my notification, I started to giggle.
These two are going to go far
Forgot humans another deadly rival
SOB this is what I've been asking for months!
Anyone know the song?
This is also the case in all of the former soviet bloc countries. Taping software/games on cassettes in order to share them to the few people who had some sort of bootleg commodore 64 was common practice.
This is how uncreative IGN is
I need to work on german subtitles for this video ASAP. My family comes from East Germany and I bet my mum would love to watch the video! Problem is; her english is terrible, she wouldn't understand most of this.
you fucking legend. I annoyingly requested this pretty much any time I requested anything to you, and I apologize. But now it has been done and my heart may find peace. Thank you ExileLord
I love how this is trending with only 80k views.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Finally caught on
What story?
Rodent tier list when? It would be very beneficial to those of us with rodent alts looking to succeed.
**!GEHALTEN!**
Expensive...
Thumbs up for chip skylark
Whale tier video would be nice. Killer whales and other toothed whales stack really high intelligence bonuses and often travel in numbers. Excellent early and late game potential.
Stupid .  Why you no narrate
Exciting period for Oculus, the main culprit that VR is progressing slowly is the low resolution. Increase to 8k n above, 1 billion user will be in reach.
*Let me guess, the asians own Oculus too* 
This looks like a siege operator intro
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
How the fuck did you figure that out??
Could you do one on eusocial insects? What tier are fire ants? I'm planning on playing as a fire ant colony for my next playthrough.
No black characters?
I saw this and was like SHAAAARRKKSSS YESSSS XD
Peach Princess?
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
If only we can adjust the time of video
Goldeneye 007 next year? Will Nintendo create a Rom where Goldeneye runs perfect on their N64 Classic?
One up girl (;
$1000?
   
I wait for the day when they can make sword art online a real thing
blasttoys
NOBODY CARES HERE IN THE NICE COMMUNITY
Magiccarp
Is there a reason as to why this only happens on PC and not console?
Def need an bird tier list. Really want to see where you'd put an african crowned eagle.
people still play clash of clans in 2k17?  yikes....
if toxiplasmosis is as strong as you say, why is it that you give all of the credit to the dog class and none to the cat class?\n\nI wonder if dogs have a hidden status effect that caused the imbalance in this video :thinking:
That's it, I'm leaving the game
Wtf...
If you wind up bricking your console, you can likely reflash it and get back to gaming
Who came first: Arceus or Mew?
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
0:10 okay so theyre wondering whats going on and then suddenly get possessed by Mid-20th century song and dance syndrome. Gotcha Nintendo
Wow I want one now and that price is perfect.
Talk about the platypus (also I think you could revisit this topic)
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Im 99% sure theyre refering to shadow ball.
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
Please make a video about gaming in communist Poland. It's actually quite an interesting topic.
Couldn't the text object pool be refreshed like, I don't know, whenever one starts and finishes (or quits) a song? Or better yet, force a refresh in an idle cycle or something?\nEither way, yeah, that is pretty damn sweet.
count on nintendo to have the most hear warming games ever
Thou shall notdraw lewd images of Gardevoir\n                                                                -MatPat
Already caught them all, just need the shiny variants
I don't get the on the go part?
Doesnt have galactic conquest. Not worth it.
Goodson!!!!!!
I'm interested in your opinion of the viability of the blue ringed octopus build
Probably a dog. Knowing a cat, they'd probably take over the fighter's role and take over the world, too.
SO I have the EU version of the SNES will it work?
4:11 *HEEEHEHEHEHEE! MY MAN!*
Can you talk about the parasite vs. commensal vs. support (mutualism) builds and which is best? Also a video about how cows are lowkey just giant exosymbiotic parasites of the bacteria living inside them would be awesome (only doing 20% of their own digestion, are you kidding me?).
Hey man thanks for the video it was very helpful!
All these cucks and pricks. talking about, I HOPE THEY MAKE FUN OF ANTIFA, OHHHH BOY, oh blm is killing ppl, but u choose White nationalist. Wasn't ripping on stupid shit the entire reason season 20 failed. Yeah i thought so
Do a game theory on ROBLOX!
no more looking at your kids stupid faces in the car rides home
Dog wold tier
By stand-alone Im guessing it wont need a PC or smartphone?
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
I'm vary existed for this game mama mia 2 more weeks!!! let's a go!! 
for 200 this seems like the first true consumer VR for the masses seems to have enough tech jammed in there to be well worth the price
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
someone explain how this is trending?
If there's going to be RDR Online I am hoping Rockstar can fix the loading screen times, connectivity, as well the firefights it kinda disrupts the fun when you shoot someone only for his corpse to start shooting at you...
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
2:18 this part was the best of this dance show , she was so perfect
What game is his
Can we talk about the deep water server shark the goblin shark? I mean clearly it has the strongest aoe fear. And it is passive. I mean have you ever seen a goblin shark. That thing looks terrifying.
>Capitalist Luxury
_Oh?_
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
Somebody, I know somebody did this in the video, dont.. dont do the stars
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
people still play this?
You could talk about why dinossaurs got banned.
Unlikers are Squad players.
Supercell plz bring spells in bulider base that could be fun plz
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
Mitochondria are the best support class. Nobody in there right mind would play without one on there team.
I want a GTA5 style online game where you can ride with your posse and do co op bank heist's and train robberies. Cant wait for this game, wish it was out before Christmas.
My eyes are teary.
fucking moron can't speek? holy fuck wts is this? get cancer and die.
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
Im actually trying out the Homo sapien build and i wanted to sak your opinion on it.\nI kinda suck with it so some tips would be appreciated.
Here before this blows up.
6:40    Is it just me or does that background music sound like Kerbal Space Program?\n\n\nEdit:\nNo its not just me, went further into the vid, MAOR Kerbal Space Program music.
By stand-alone Im guessing it wont need a PC or smartphone?
Cover more bacteria builds!
So roms are running on the SNES classics own emulator? Or how is this working?
Trumptards
Talk about bears and raccoons.  Please shit on how awful pandas are
hahahaha... that was just plain mean.. funny shit though...
Well deserved laugh.
How did these guys not hear him say Always Dutch.
How do so many not remember who dutch van der linde is??? he was marstons target through the whole game!!!
*I use oculus go everyday! I love Oculus go*
So can this game ONLY be played on July 11th? Or does playing it once unlock it to play whenever? My Switch is connected to the internet so I can't check it myself.
How can somebody hate this guy???? He is sooo cute omg I love him and he did and amazing job 
Pls stop dumbing down ur content, we want complex science vids
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
Im glad such a unique underated channel is getting some spotlight and is tending.
This makes my gamer heart happy
Man.. I can't watch this anymore. It's too depressing.
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
After watching the new episode.... I can say south park is dead! For fuck sake; what happened guys.
I wish there was more content on YouTube like this.
I understood some of those words.
This legit makes me want to cry.
Can you explain what the hell is going on with the great Potoo?
THAT SOUND!
http://share.tbal.io/v2/app?code=2P3DX44Q use refer cod and get 130 Rs true balance app
Cnidaria: build suggestions: Portuguese man of war, box jelly, and green hydra
the top coc
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
Please make a video about rat builds and their possibilities
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
wow love you coc
So when does full-dive virtual reality release?
These guys are such morons. Especially Sliva is such a tool. I can't stand the guy.
For you
Hey can you do a vid about Hyenas?
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
The Hudson river, two years ago...
Awesome
First time here and its great
how mario got is mustache! ... he's Italian ... duh... why is this a video?
In-depth horse relationship   (   )
HYPE
**!GEHALTEN!**
Mario gotysey
I would love to hear about mew two and the genetics behind him (since he was created and all that jazz).
WOW ! Luv her music, but DANG ! Great 1st dance ! Choreography,  chemistry, sharp, on rhythm and they both looked like they were having fun.
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
Nahh nigga I will download Pokemon go again
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
... I smell deadly entertainment
Looks like the zombies and campaign will be better than the actual multiplayer
I just remembered this was a thing
Finally!!  I'm curious, I bought the premium version on steam back when it very first came out with Nomad.  Am I going to have to buy it again?  Also, if I buy the Premium version on steam, do i also have to buy in on mobile or is there a way to link them?\n\nedit: for anyone wondering, they replied to me on Steam and said if you bought it on steam before, you do not have to buy it on steam again, but would have to buy it on the Apps since they are unable to link steam purchases with those.
Cnidaria: build suggestions: Portuguese man of war, box jelly, and green hydra
Derk a Derrrr
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Wtf runs this thing
To me, the cat build is superior because the cosmetic specialization done by human players to them each year has not affected them. \n\nMany dog classes have suffered to their strength or defense stats because of this, and now suffer many disease de-buffs
VR is nice and all, but I believe AR is much more accessible and sense-friendly in that you DON'T have to blind yourself to have a great experience. Not to mention I'm spooked by VR progressing beyond just a wearable screen and controllers.
Would you Consider the Human class, as overpowered as it is, to be a griefing class given Human Players' tendency to camp and subjugate lower tier classes and new players?
nice work..
She's really good!
Vc
I almost blew up my hand playing with dry ice.
Nice work!
fixes 10 year old bug for a huge community\ncommunity switches to a new game\nrip
Let's see: 139 for Samsung gear VR with controller, or 200 dollars for Oculus Go? I think you know where your money should land at...
At
PEOPLE WE'RE GETTING A FIFTH ARMY CAMP
What game is his
These are all builder Hall 8 defenses! Thanks for the preview for BH 8 :)
Who till plays this
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Im so proud of her!!!!!! Omg i cant even process!!
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
Analyse Spearow pls matpat
Good job oculus!
I think Gardevoir uses their psychic powers to make the small black hole stable
Say what you will about Cod WW2 but this is DOPE
Mario san savingu pirincess peachu......ohhhhho
mind boggling\n\ndo you do this for a living for just a hobby?
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
Since they're arm most likely banned from using the SS lightning bolts as a symbol in this game, but they were still able to find a way to show the guy at 1:10 is SS. Being interested in history, specifically WW2 you can see that an eagle on the left arm was part of the SS uniform asides from the lightning bolts.
I love you Nintendo I have all your consals
Please don't Fast Update we can't Manage it please!
This is an understatement: You're fucking incredible.
Can you also record Mario + Rabbits Kindom Battle?????
what's the name of the game called
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
There are crocodiles in America as well...but they are rare and only in the very very Southern Portion of Florida
Can't wait!
DAMN
Can't wait!
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
@ 1:21 I wonder if the fish swim away from you
Dragonite
I've played Mario karts However as an Italian I've always found it very disturbing
I actually played sonic the hedgehog as a child
I already know its going to be lit... But 13 more days :(
Aside from Chrono Trigger every rpg lover should add Lufia 2 to the snes mini, great game! Also does/will this run patched translated roms like Star Ocean and Seiken Densetsu 3?
Haha communism really suck. It will never work out, ever.
These two are going to go far
I run an inside cat and spec into the it lays down and does nothing class
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
When will the time travellers come in and give the US the exo suits
sunarto
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
South Park selling out to the left. Used to be straight edge, now you're cucks like the rest of them.
Yea I already know this....
Yoga at its finest!
Alt-right nazis tears tastes so good...hmmm
Am I the only one who thought persona when they heard the music?
So when does full-dive virtual reality release?
So is this using the official emulator or is a 3rd party one being used?
This is an app for android and iOS.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonusxp.legend
DER TERK ER JERB
#luigilivesmastter
#pokemonstrong
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
#35 on trending congrats
Used to be my favorite show... Stopped watching last season... This season appears to rip on white people... This show needs to go off of the Air
I just wish they didn't include any Disney stuff in a Star Wars game
Why is he talking about gameplay Is he trolling ?
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
Can you please analyse Deoxys? In the Pokedex is written something about a Virus.
Was that Master Chief at 0:05?!
I would love to see a video discussing the players that have unlocked food storage on the intelligence progression and how that has turned out for them. This strategy has produced some really cool results I think.\n\nOther ideas I have are a tier video for players who have maxed out various branches of the flight tree, or terrestrial characters that took the endurance branch of the mobility tree as far as they could.\n\nThese videos are a great concept and well made. Hopefully they are as fun to produce as to watch. Keep up the good work.
fake
trailer be like Christopher Nolan and the game be like Michael bay.
the top coc
#GP8VOPG COC players join us , we are a new war clan
i wouldn't dream about EVER being forced to choose. I wouldn't tolerat it becuz its like choosing between ur children. They both thoroughly allow my heart all the magic it can hold...and MORE. Hellfire, I need some horses too, chickens maybe, throw in cpl turtles, i want a zoo. The more---the better. Life is all that better.
Not long now
I visited the museum last year with my college class it was extremely interesting(The pain station was the center piece of our whole time there, did you play it bunny?) but they never quite went into how the machines etc. were programmed that was very interesting finding it out from this video. \nDid you manage to get to the DDR museum bunny? I found it very interesting as well.
Remember Steam users, please!
who also watched ALL THE WAY till the end
4:45 very interested in this but I'm having trouble finding more info about having software on a vinyl disc.
lol I like when he goes to interview the dude and it just cuts off
do you know gaming with kev
Im Japanese
Yay
DER TERK ER JERB
He's italian
Pleaseeee
litten
Nerf sharks pls (?)
and fifa switch is a fifa 18 ps3 port...
Isn't the Pauline in this game marios sister
THEY TEERK ERRR JERBS!
Apes. Canines. Dragons.
mario is't a plumer anymore stay up to date\nalso when you said you never knew this.i knew it all you cant read my mind sorry ;)
I still like cats
Keep in mind, that Densi dound its way to Russia after fall of USSR and was, essentially, a cheap alternative of NES, since the pric of the latter was around 2 or 3 (maybe more) montly family budgets.
The definition said nothing about needing matter, just a gravimetric force.
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
See the gameplay of this in\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Z4sjJJnFjy4
Wow I want one now and that price is perfect.
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
The Dance The Music and The Couple just PERFECT Yes!!
Important update we cant have fun in bh base if we dont have friendly battles add it please,  also balance the match up we hate matching with max troops its annoying
THEY DERK ER DERBS!!!
People still play???
Yooooooo !!!!   
Unplayable characters/banned character choices - Mythical beasts/Dragons
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
So, nobodys gotten the memo that VR is a stupid gimmick? SadX
Life is a video game
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
Yeah I thought the season premiere was kind of weak tbh.  The country rendition of Kendrick Lamar's Humble was pretty funny, though.
Clash of clans is my favorite game I have ever played.
god damn scalpers
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
Fucking excited as fuck for fucking sanity in the era of Antifa and the Alt Right. Fuck everyone. John McAfee 2020! That white stuff is good! Now I'm going to fuck a Thai lady boy.
This is incredible, love the video style and the content. You sir have my vote and my sub
But... in these space modes will I be able to board fighters of my choice and fight in starships as well as dogfight in space like in the original SWBF2 (Rest in Peace)?
PLZ Analyze Squrtal or SlowPoke
How the hell is Frankie old enough to be her dad?\nOr was she just kidding?\nB/c, like, he's 31, which is younger than my parents were when I was born.
xbox crossplay, please
Monkeys next.
No.
CAT\nattack          : 45\nHP                : 60\narmor          : 40\natk speed    : 99\nmov speed : 90\n\npassive       : x9 aegis of immortality\n                       30% evasion\n                       +25% charming aura\n                       +400 AoE enhanced\n                       range of sight at night
Nar this doesn't work..
Hi there,\nNow i've been a long time player of the Jaguar class, and this channel has been a great help for me when min maxing my stats and gear, so thank you!\n\nI was just wondering why you have not yet mentioned the Human Civilization expansion pack that was introduced 20,000 years ago? As a long time player of Earth, i'd like to know your thoughts on how that expansion changed the game and whether or not Human is a viable class.
My mom played Super Mario on the NES when she was little!
Roasted.
Def need an bird tier list. Really want to see where you'd put an african crowned eagle.
Am I the only person that enjoys obeying the traffic laws in GTA?? 
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
She is just a disenfrenchfries black woman whos showance collapse LOL
Yo devs humans need a nerf
You've got to wonder sometimes.\nPart of the Soviet Block's problems were just a severe lack of industrial capacity.\n\nAround the time Communism took hold, if you compare Russia to the United states, one has massive amounts of industrial infrastructure, the other is still dominated by rural farmland and relatively little industry to speak of.\n\nYou might think it sad that all they managed is inferior knock-offs of western computer technology, but when you really stop and think about it, the fact that they could build semi-decent clones of this stuff at all was a major accomplishment in it's own right.\n\nComputer technology requires a LOT of resources to do effectively.\nSo much so that the most critical components are the product of maybe a half dozen factories at most.\nAn earthquake in a single country a decade or so ago, which crippled only one or two factories was enough to cut the global supply of RAM chips by 30%\n\nEast German computers huh.\n\nI guess given those restrictions, if you had the connections and wealth to get a machine imported in the late 80's it seems pretty clear to me you'd want an Amiga;\nSince you weren't allowed to have software... Yeah, that seems like the most impressive thing you could get if you had to make all your own software and tools for it...
I don't like the box art
1 like=1 lesson about how to dance like Mario
Holy shit man!!!
ALL OF DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no more looking at your kids stupid faces in the car rides home
I understood how the 3ds had all types of hidden games, but why would Nintendo make you summon a game?
4:45 Miyamoto is sitting like a princess xD
Only 20 v 20?\n\nHmm, not sure. :(
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
These are going to be amazing!  Cant wait.
so glad you mentioned toxoplasma. will you cover more parasite builds?
i'm not crying
Want to join my clan :) Its a brand new war clan!! \n\nClan Name: RPG_OVERLORDS
Can't upload videos on Youtube. :(
:v alguien sige jugando est mierda :U??
Please make a video about rat builds and their possibilities
anybody want clash of clans hacked version. please contact me on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/rohit.tivari.50
Now we just need oculus go to the polls
My eyes are teary.
4:11 *HEEEHEHEHEHEE! MY MAN!*
Wow great investigation
Please do a skit about that fat bitch terrorist that died of a heart attack.
Mat, the FNAF timeline is messed up, cuz the phone guy in the second says there's no doors this time even though the time era is BEFORE FNAF 1. To be honest the whole damn TIMELINE is messed up. Please theory this, or tell me at me Twitter @DukeTheNuke2.
Subscribe to my channel for fun facts about animals and space
Don't forget about cats' purr, which accelerates healing of themselves and those very near them
Please sir change name time increase
I wonder if doom will run at 60fps. Because the game was designed to run at a solid 60fps and anything less just won't work in my opinion
If they make a stranger things game, I dont want it to follow the shows plot. Id want it to be a completely original story.\n\nedit:unless this already is an original story
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
usually I say bf1 wins but when it comes to story mode cod wins every single time
Since you Apparently take Suggestions according to your About Sections, Maybe you should do one on Extinct Sharks (E.G Cardabiodon, Cretoxyrhina, Megalodon, Otodus, Hybodus Etc)
They're hella doing this on purpose
which POKEMON to analyze next? More like next POKEMON to destroy...
Very informative, do you plan to  fix the bug ?
Oculus is like the Apple of VR, while HTC is the Windows.
Holy shit, this is big, this is fucking Huge!!!
It doesn't need builder hall it needs town hall 12
Why is only compatible with 4 games? Is that Nintendos way of testing and rolling out the new features?
Iguana is the true support meta. It's the only service animal issued to counteract the dreaded 'crippling depression' debuff.\n\nToxoplasma and enemy detection are no good if your human party leader went and ate the business end of a shotgun while you're stuck in the house.
I would hug Mario if he was real. My in video games was because of him
0:37 Mario controls Mario. It's Marioception
WOW ! Luv her music, but DANG ! Great 1st dance ! Choreography,  chemistry, sharp, on rhythm and they both looked like they were having fun.
talk about the ocean sunfish build
Woah!! Trending video, congrats!
Woohoo Lindsey!!!! You r my inspiration!!!! I expected nothing less of you!!! You danced the night away! Bless you for round 2!!! ^-^
I enjoyed this performance.
I hope it isn't just more politics and storylines.. Thats what I didn't like about the last season. It got boring really fast.
nintendo i love your 3ds i have the wii and wii u  this dec 25 im getting a nintendo switch
Didn't Austin already cover this?
holy shit this channel is amazing
Hell yeah, thank you id software and Nintendo.
How do so many not remember who dutch van der linde is??? he was marstons target through the whole game!!!
I don't get the on the go part?
More Pokemon theories, plz MatPat
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Nobody cares about VR
is that even possible?
That's not mario, thats FLINSTONES.
See, cats purr. Can dogs purr? No. That is why cats are better.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMy cat hates me. I pet her too much
Watching this while in a lecture session lol
talk about the ocean sunfish build
I like that Nintendo makes family-oriented products, as compared to the other companies.
Was that captured on a high-end PC? I'd love if it did, but I doubt it'll look like that on my PS4.
Makes me think of the gaming history of my own country somehow - especially the ripoff part haha
Clash royale is better
im crying real tears right now
can i use any rom files for the snes?
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
but can you use tilt brush, that is the real question
Okay, first off,\nDon't question Pokmon. Anything's possible in the world of Nintendo.\nAnd second,\nIt's actually Shadow Ball. Oh well, whatever.\nAlso, I want myself analyzed, please.
0:11 YOU HAD ONE JOB!
Tier zoo please make an intelligence class rating for us Intelligent builds
Please Netflix!
I love Miyamoto cuddling with his Mario plush!!\nAhhh! My heart!\nIt's so cute, Mario is his child, he's so proud of what Mario is and has become. \nIt must be such a powerful and pure feeling. :')
Every person that wants him to be biased to cats: HE'S BIASED TOWARDS DOGS, CATS HAVE SAVED HUMANS FROM INTRUDERS IN 2 CASES IN HISTORY AND COMAS!!!!!I!I!III!!II
Is it the same to the other oculus beside not having wires but does it require anything? And why not out for Christmas?
If those crates mean micro transactions then I'm going to flip the fuck out
Love the rs intro lmao
they know they can't do a whole minute because the Nintendo switch has no space
There should be a theory of krabby actually being a mantis shrimp and not a crab since mantis shrimps create cavitation bubbles which have a strong similarity to in the cartoon where krabby signature attack is bubble beam
i cant get it to work XP
Just me who loved that John Byoga talked over everything
Hey Alexa\n\n\n\n\nYEW WILL NOT REPLACE US!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yessssss
Forgot humans another deadly rival
1 month into a middle school animation class and I can do all of the animation in your videos lol\nNo offense to ur no talent editors
danm, this is great. Thanks George!
He's so humble & cute. I'm glad he's proud of his childhood acting. Most child stars are so bitter.
Really dorky but I liked it.
They should make it so you hold screenshot button to start, then click it again to stop. But you can only record 15 to 20 minutes!
2:29 You just cant have nice things
This is what should show up when you search suicide prevention
It's so obvious when someone is a dog main. :/\n\nCooking up conspiracy theories for why cats are such a high-ranked support class when even back in pre-release, cats remain THE most effective check for griefing mouse, rat, bird, mole, and even some lizard builds. Human players aren't really specced to handle those classes, never have been. For one thing, the larger build size of humans making it easy for smaller builds like the rodent class to easily evade them by retreating to terrain where bigger builds can't follow, allowing them to actually establish spawn points within a human player's territory and also sneak into human bases and steal valuable drops and resources directly from their storage containers. Plus, humans just dumped way too many stats into INT and its skill trees, and failed to go deep enough into the Perception skill tree to pick up on the heightened hearing, sense of smell, or even night vision perks that would help negate the lower tier classes' ability to grief them. Yeah, humans may dominate the current meta in terms of their influence on the meta itself, but the fact is that there will always be a thousand low-level players for every high-level one - and if the low-level players can grief the high-level players through sheer numbers, without being checked, that gradual erosion on the high tier player is going to start showing more and more of an effect.\n\nEnter, my friends, the cat class.\n\nThe cat class, as you noted, never made the switch from their assassin role to a support role. Why, then, are they considered a S tier support class? It's simple - the cat class never made the switch to a support role because it didn't need to. Its abilities as a stealth assassin class are exactly what human players needed, and so human players started pairing with cat players exactly as they were. The cat class comes STANDARD with all the abilities required to handle the numerous low-tier griefers that human players simply aren't equipped to, and any cat player playing solo will already BE tackling those griefers because it's the most logical, natural playstyle for anyone who specs into the class to begin with. What else are you going to do with all those stealth and attack points, especially at that build size? And then a human player comes along, sees what your class can do(that theirs can't, but desperately needs), and offers you a mutually beneficial arrangement where it shares its resources with you, in exchange for your doing exactly what you were already doing - just in their territory. Like I said, you can look back through past versions of the game all the way back to pre-1.0 and see this logic at work, with cat and human players teaming up as early as the Ancient Egyptian expansion.\n\nAnd all this is talking purely in terms of PVP game mechanics, and how the cat class helps shore up the human class' weakness to griefing. I'm not even getting into the fact that the cat class has aesthetic values of its own, or how they've invested points in the vocalization tree to communicate more effectively with human players - it's an essentially worthless perk when dealing with any other class, even other cat players - or their own INT stats that sometimes let them spec into other skills - even some normally associated with the dog class. I haven't even brought up the Purr perk, which - aside from being considered soothing by many players - actually comes with a small but not insignificant regen buff.\n\nSo who really needs to explain it as a conspiracy theory involving a cat-bacteria support relationship somehow manipulating human players, when there's such obvious logic to this team dynamic? It's blatant dog class bias. Especially when the article you cite shows that it's an estimate of BETWEEN 30-50% have been exposed to T. gondii, and MAY have been infected. So that's not a guarantee of how many human players have been infected, even the percentage of exposed human players could be as much as 20% lower as you state aloud(meaning you're skewing high on purpose), and - at MAXIMUM - you've only accounted for half of all human players. It also ignores the fact that for a human player to acquire the T. gondii debuff, they have to already HAVE exposure to the cat class. Isn't it logical to assume that the support pairing may have pre-dated the application of the debuff, then? After all, how would human players be getting the debuff if they had no reason to associate with the cat class to begin with?\n\nThis also ignores the statistics that - based on the statistics of US players alone - 36% of human players team up with dogs, and 30% of human players team up with cats. So for all those scare tactic statistics, human-cat support teams are LESS numerous than human-dog support teams! But I guess the popularity of the dog class is just because they're just that amazing, right? (And, to be fair - they are. No hate to any dog mains out there; I can't argue with the facts that dogs are practically OP as a support build. I'm just tired of people sleeping on the fact that the cat class have EARNED their place in S tier, as much as the dog class has...and it always seems to be dog class stans who act like the cat class cheated its way to the top.) And, of course, this is assuming that out of the MAYBE 50% of human players there are who have the T. gondii debuff, all 100% of human-cat support teams fall within that tentative 50%. That seems pretty statistically unlikely, doesn't it?\n\nIt's pretty telling that the same player who made the video about all the positive qualities of the feline builds somehow forgot all the virtues of those builds when talking about the feline build that ~happens~ to be in direct competition with another popular support build...I'm not saying the T. gondii debuff is completely insignificant, but when that's the only aspect of the build you focus on, it stops being a 'VS' video and becomes a fluff piece for your favorite class because there's no genuine comparison being made. :/ Disappointing.
Wonder if Gerald will be punished for his troll crimes, in the premiere
What would be the best build for dps flanker mains. I'm interested in trying out this platform any help is appreciated.

ICH BIN EINE GAMER!
This should *actually* be a real game.
I been playing since it first came out, almost max bh5
The real question is how is trubbish alive it literally is a bag of rubbish
Where can I find the character select screen. Looking to make a stealth build
Add the virtual console ALREADY!!!
If you get to play between all 5 members of Ducth's gang in different locations like GTA5, i'm gonna ejaculate and shart on myself simultaneously.
T h i s   i s   r e a l   m u s i c
Rank the best builds to troll S+tier players. (pests in the home)
YES
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
Trending omg Im so proud of this channel \nLike if u agree
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yessssss
What a game!!
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
Lets just hope the nintendo switch can be a success all its life, remember what happened to the dreamcast. Those days...
Wait... if black holes produce radiation,  if radiation has mass... wouldn't it be pulled back into the black hole
Mario obtained the power of possession
yup its happening here we go
It's just a cut scene of cowboys eating at camp, this is how games get hyped beyond all reason, rockstar games or not.
High Five, to all South Park Fans!!! :D
Is this a game or a movie, I can't tell
yes barbarian king ko jungle me mungal karna hi chahie
1:50 false advertising smh
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
ah well, the memories. As a eastern germany kid the only games I was able to play until the wall was torn down were the one in Polyplay and I loved them. Thankfully we have a Polyplay in a local bar here.
Subscribe to my channel for fun facts about animals and space
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
Enough of the 2D boring pew pew games already! this is the future! where a massive open world like BOTW exists on SWITCH! Give me my Red Dead Redemption 2, My COD's and Battlefield's Nintendo! and I'll give you my mmmMONNEYYYYY.
Its a prequel, unless there is another Dutch.
YEAH TIP ASSIST
ok i really wanna buy the oculus rift but an someone explay this to me:\n1. i would like to walk in vr (just move a bit you know) is this possible with 1 camera? or 2?\n2. i saw that its possible to play htc vive games with the rift?? is that true and could someone (short) explain how?\nthank you!
i managed to find it thanks
Local trainer battles,  wild pokemon battles, exp/lvling through these means, and trading.\n\nThis is what you need to get back the kinds of numbers you were pulling when this first came out.\n\nI mean unless you guys hate money or something. Idk if that's your thing.
This is the $10 videos silly\n
Cool gadget
If we get the next elder scrolls for switch, I would fucking bend the knee to Bethesda
I cant wait to try this. If I had one..
I need it!
Dogs: Look at this team! We're gonna do great!\n\nCats; I need healing!
Wow gmm (good mythical morning)
I've been showing this video to everyone. I have two cats, and I just don't see them the same anymore. Now I want a dog, you jerk. Seriously, though, your videos are downright fascinating.
Where did this boner come from
I want to know if Matt the Radar Technician be added to the game at some point.
What game is that?
What sucks is that I just got builder hall level 6 finished upgrading and now on the same day this update came out at the same time..... why does life suck?!?!
DENDY!!! T____T
Works great!! Someone help me find Super Mario All stars and Donkey Country 2 diddy kong. Thanks
This makes me so happy <3 <3 <3
Rank the best builds to troll S+tier players. (pests in the home)
Someone please tell me what the fuck this is
Only 20 v 20?\n\nHmm, not sure. :(
Thorny dragon
Kinda bummed that the Switch version of Doom won't be getting Snapmap. I'm probably one of those weirdos who really loved the idea of map building on the go.
full of surprises not really, you guys mentioned this when you aired the console.. also.. make the video capture better 30 seconds is not enough for anyone xD
people still play clash of clans in 2k17?  yikes....
Yeah but does it blend
That man with the magnificent mustache is Dutch motherfuckin Van Der Linde.
I know I wasnt the only one that had GOOSE bumps
I almost blew up my hand playing with dry ice.
Trending. Nice job George!
Its a prequel, unless there is another Dutch.

home based job for beginners earn 50$ per day on champcash without any investment.\nJust install champcash and use this sponcer id -18810960
Are EU Version working? Or just the US versions?
Is it the same to the other oculus beside not having wires but does it require anything? And why not out for Christmas?
Why do you need one of these when you can literally made this shit yourself with only cardboard and less than $10
ADD MAGIC COOPA INTO MARIO KART 8
Watch The amazing Clans of the world here : https://youtu.be/uKFo3jJywJY
horrible horrible horrible episode.\nwow South Park wtf.\nwtf. wtf. wtf. wtf. why why why are you making your show shit now. it used to be great and now it sucks balls with this first episode. this is the best you could come up with??!? \nwowwww woww oowwowoeifjdjhdkfjsmfidnekdfucksouthparknowwtf
This Is What I've Been Waiting For!! So Hyped 
That was really fun to watch!
Thumbs up for chip skylark
So, nobodys gotten the memo that VR is a stupid gimmick? SadX
Matpat!! Please do a theory on Duck Season, the VR game. It's mysterious and would be a great episode! Like if you agree and so Matpat can see.
Just caught all the new Pokmon!
why do you have to get sponsored by cnn
Your videos keep making this political scientist smile. Keep up the good work
why 30 second? 10-15 minutes is good but 30 second...
So good
CNN 10
The train robberies were clearly a MUST, thats practically a trademark for bandits back in the day
Good one. Wondering how fashion startups like Dignyty.com  utilize VR to better match apparel  to prospective buyers.....
Not feeling that 3D boxart. Pic is too skewed. Looks like when self publishing authors use that program to make their ebook cover to look like a physical hard cover book.  Not a criticism of ETA, just expressing an opinion. Thanks for the upload.
This is what happens when you put two idiots in charge..
DER TERK ER JERB
HAHAHAHA
It's apart of Japanese culture. Basically the inclusion of Golf means he is with the switch and is supporting it. He's seeing the success of his hard work.
Oh my gosh! Thank you so much Media Galactic! #teamstark
Never expected this
Mat, the FNAF timeline is messed up, cuz the phone guy in the second says there's no doors this time even though the time era is BEFORE FNAF 1. To be honest the whole damn TIMELINE is messed up. Please theory this, or tell me at me Twitter @DukeTheNuke2.
This deserves no dislikes, omg so much nostalgia 
Do Rayquaza and how it gets the energy to mega evolve despite not having a trainer and also, how it somehow consumes meteors for energy?
Voted Lindsay & Mark!!! I want them to win sooooo bad!!!!
Can people who bought Battle Front 1 please get a discount or some reward for buying this one?
Why is this trending?
is it possible for you guys to make gta san andreis for nintendo switch
Plz release a video of crash test 5
another awesome entry, keep them coming.
Some of these shouldn't have even been counted, like when the car crashed into him and the taxi hitting someone, he doesn't control the AI, so why did he get penalized?
they took your job
Fuck playing Doom and Wolfenstein on the go will be so sick
I love that Amalgamation remix. No wonder why it's your favourite song.
So what if instead of using mass, psychic abilities alone are used to distort the fabric of space (which is from my understanding, those distortions cause gravity) and this distortion causes the same effects as a black hole without the need of any mass? Really would appreachiate feedback here though!
lol
THEY GOT KASHYYYK!!!!!!!!!!!
You could talk about why dinossaurs got banned.
I bricked mine dammit! Just kiddin works great so far.
One up girl (;
What's the background song?
Yeah I thought the season premiere was kind of weak tbh.  The country rendition of Kendrick Lamar's Humble was pretty funny, though.
Why is the rhino D tier?\n\n\n\nWhile low on intelligence, its high defenses, damage, and decent speed compensate for its lack of utility. \n\n\nIt has one of the best charge attacks in the game imo.
OMG AMAZING
I hope that the scenes they showed are switch footage (but it's probably not)
Cool video paying your respects to him. 
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
When you have to explain the joke of White People Renovating Houses, then it's poor writing to begin with. Why can't South Park just bash the hell out of Hillary? So many material there. The mainstream media are all bashing Trump, so it'd be refreshing and therefore funny to see new material on Hillary, book tour, narcissism, blaming game, Russia hysteria, conspiracies, pizza gate, legitimate news like CNN going after a Reddit user, going after kids, stalking kids, threatening kids, news are now about kids and what they tweet, and personal opinions are considered news now, etc. South Park used to go against the mainstream and didn't care about the mainstream's self-entitled importance and made fun of them; now, it seems like South Park is trying to make a moral stance, like Kyle's end-of-episode speeches, instead of being about comedy. Trump (allegedly) broke Kathy Griffin, and now, apparently South Park too. That Kathy Griffin's bloody head of Trump like ISISvideo could have been a new material and storyline too for comedy. And Alec Baldwin publicly comforting Kathy Griffin and others who have threatened Trump's death like there's an Alec Baldwin support group for presidential assassinations now
A video about owl would help out my dumbass brother who only plays crazy offensive builds
Works perfect!! I now have over 40 games and still adding more to my snes mini awesome vid thanx for the info !!
Iconic:v
No positional tracking means this headset will suck
If you play this game get a life loser
Wowio
This may be a dumb question, but is it possible to do all of this using a mac? Or is it only doable on PC?
Have you considered talking about  deep sea animals for Halloween?
People still play this? It died early 2015
Any way to make this work on a Mac
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
This is GOTY (hopefully).\nZelda fanboys pls, if BOTW comes out with free dlc(s). OK I get it. I really didn't see the appeal for BOTW the game looked quite boring.
Is there any risk in doing this on the European SNES mini guys?
best for your hentai
Yesman
This gonna be 1st game i used money to bought it
Sometimes we get things wrong on this channel.\n\nA way to reduce this is to play the game first before toughing it. Like TF2, or from what I heard, Undertale when you did the ness is Sans... I still don't see it.\n\nAlso, what's the tech of the Pokemon universe? I assume it's the same as ours but they use Pokeballs that can contain things muuuuuch larger than the ball itself, which can compress... What's to stop the gardevoire from keeping the Black hole contained? and wouldn't a Shadow ball look like a Black Hole? It certainly looks like a void. Everyone knows what a shadow ball looks like but the question becomes, what happens if it's altered slightly. If your creating it with mental powers then you can limit the mass going into it and also pull things into it. Say the thing that's trying to kill the trainer.\n\nPokemon's weird and with physics different than our own, it's going to be tough to judge
Is this game available in the city of England by any chance?
You've made a video on the feline mains, now do one for canis mains
Nintendo where is internet browser
Hey! I really enjoyed this video, being someone who has an alt in the Ocean Servers (Shark Guild, Thresher Shark build specifically)\nI was curious about a couple insect builds in particular, though, so I figured this would be the best place to ask (not a huge fan of insects, so I avoid most of their boards). What's the deal with Bees? Why would they spec into an attack that fatally damages themselves?
Matt and trey, if your listening, please make an episode about Alex jones/infowars this season.
lol your enthusiasm about unfettered is entertaining. also you sort of sound like Paul Miller of The Verge
I love how Miyamoto pronounces Luigi as WEEGEE <3 YES! The meme lives!
NOOD?L?E!
Hey can we get a bloodborne theory?
Only real ones watch the entire 24 min loading screen
Was I the only one who was kinda disgusted when she said peach princess?
3:44 anyone else notice that?  still looks dope asf tho
Get ready for grenade spam on veteran :)
They put in cartridges for super mario bros 1 2 and 3, mut the footage for all of them is just super mario bros 1. One of them has a vector filter on to smooth it out. Why?
Matpat: the Pokedex is full of lies\nme: click\nMatpat: just 1 example
That was so fucking cool
Very impressive!
So same game with possession powers added oh also newer graphics ?
Thank you for actually making a good video
I LOVE DOGGGSSSS.
Nice try but not so good
It's looks amazing but how dare they say that this is a Star Wars experience like none other. I think you're forgetting about another Star Wars battlefront 2.
im crying real tears right now
He's good!
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
So when does full-dive virtual reality release?
When will the time travellers come in and give the US the exo suits
this looks just like Zelda!
why 30 second? 10-15 minutes is good but 30 second...
no more looking at your kids stupid faces in the car rides home
They better of gotten rid of that bitch ass shield that completely destroyed the fun out of the first one. you'd be seconds away from killing someone and that motherfucker would activate that shield and run off into the sunset as you get killed trying to claim that kill.
Doom's online mode is dead : /
Looks absolutely amazing!!\nIm speechless!!!!! \n(Like if u agree)!
They shoul've been as long as probably 10 minutes or at least have better quality
30 second isnt that bad, its like in Xbox when you do a moment in the last 30 seconds you can record it and your friends can see it. 30 seconds is pretty long actually. Hopefully Nintendo do something along the lines of posting it to your Nintendo account or something and can see it on your phone.
1 month into a middle school animation class and I can do all of the animation in your videos lol\nNo offense to ur no talent editors
I'm only one builder hall 2. These money grabbing whores made it so u can only have one builder wtf.
To me, the cat build is superior because the cosmetic specialization done by human players to them each year has not affected them. \n\nMany dog classes have suffered to their strength or defense stats because of this, and now suffer many disease de-buffs
Can we get spells on builder hall
This is pure ideology.
I didn't think that i would say this, but this actually looks amazing!
I want u tu analize palkia and dialga
Imagine...\n\n\n\n\n\nFree roam Star Wars Battlefront so you could fly your ship to any planet...\nJesus Christ that would be sick
yay
why do you have to get sponsored by cnn
Cover more bacteria builds!
Get a pc
Took me years to figure out the basic controls
Whos on team godson
I never thought Id hear this guy say Nazi
I'm trying not to get my hopes up lol
plzz back to my acount plz dont ban plzzzz
Got about a 100 games on and quite a few have audio issues, just wondering if we should untick compression as they are already rared
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
No Dog Sharks?
Cant we just be exited for a feature? I mean, Xbox has it, and you'll probably be able to Stream to Twitch in online 2018
I think of all soviet block countries Poland was in best gaming shape.
gorgeous legs
Its impossible to be a sequel becuase that politician is being called Dutch by Mr.Morgan (unless Dutch survived which I highly doubt)
I got mines for 8 dollars at dds
Its hard to search for it in the play store. I downloaded it after clicking links that directed me to it in the store. Uninstalled it because im werry of its access.
I've heard rumours of an unknown (?) Tier, what are your thoughts on this?
Nahh nigga I will download Pokemon go again
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
If she doesn't win I will be shocked to say the least.
are they really calling this red dead redemption 2? :c
For you
But does it play knack?
That man with the magnificent mustache is Dutch motherfuckin Van Der Linde.
How da f hasn't done this?!?
if you want to choose a really good dog build, I suggest the Black Russian Terrier, they will work much more like a bear, they were trained initially to chase escaping prisoners from Gulags, they will present the strength and the likeliness of a bear, and still keep all  the strengths of a dog.
As a PSVR owner, and a hater of Facebook...I support this. The more people buy any VR system the more it will grow
Wouldnt its hug kill you via the massive red spike on its chest
Crystal is too good for this earth
ELECTRONEUM... THE NEXT BITCOIN!?\n\nIt's worth buying at least $100 and see what happens. Many people wish they knew about Bitcoin before it took off! \n\nBitcoin started at $0.003 and is now over $5,000 each coin!\nThis new coin is in Pre-market Sale right now through October first. Offering an extra 10% bonus coins with each purchase! Coin sale is at $0.01 per Coin. Goes public on November 1st 2017. \n\nUse my link, when you buy, to get another 1% free coins:\n\nhttps://my.electroneum.com/join/43E7AC\n\nHit me up if you need help getting setup.\nTake advantage of this before you wish you had!
I see a old character from advanced warfare the general. So lame and weak
r u antvenom?
Why upload the first 33 minutes of nothing?
Yet me still waiting for the newest 2d mario platform on the switch
DED GAEM
Maybe R* will show off online and gameplay at PSX this year since they have a partnership with Sony.
I'm town hall level seven thanks for the game :)
i managed to find it thanks
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
I...I can't believe it. IT WORKED FIRST TRY! This walkthrough was PERFECT. You spoke clearly, repeated necessary information and were very specific throughout the entire video. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
Soundtrack sponsored by kerbal space program. Is there a game theory on that coming?
Gotta give points on that Hitchhikers reference game theory.
I think John Marston is the boy with his morning mother
Kyogre plz
They will fuck it up same way some how
Lmao teammates? You mean servants lol
People still play this??
Don't know why some people complaining about Oculus Go.. This is GearVR level headset in just $200. You don't need to pay $800++ anymore. \nYes, it has no positional tracking, but this is only $200! Santa Cruz prototype will cost a lot more, you will see. \nP.s. I personaly will buy this just to watch movies in virtual cinema. For me it's dream come true..
Hm... okay... interesting... wait a tic... WHERE TF IS WALKER ASSAULT??!!?!?!
GO? Go where? You're completely blind folded.
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
This fucking democratic channel...
great video!
Someone I know was recommended to watch this video. Hence, I am watching this shit and cant believe you already have 175k subs.
How about looking at the past meta at oceanic preds. How they rised & fell and if there might be hold outs still refusing to quit.\n\nAlso might be interesting if the devs might bring back some of these builds since there have been possible leaks of some subclasses returning to the current meta.
Dead game
Is it for PC though.?
Too nerdy for Game Theory? Ha! NOTHING IS TOO NERDY FOR GAME THEORY!!!
I have a friend who is caught between a red panda and a raccoon build. Can you help clear up some of the confusion for these two common builds?
I just want to know how long and how many hand movement combos it took for him to find the easter egg lol...he has to know a designer
BEST. CHANNEL. EVER. PERIOD.
Dutch is in the game. This is obviously a prequel lol
thank god with that 46,000 views that it's on the trending page. how much does youtube charge to go on the trending page?
Mario odyssey in *ONE WEEK!!!*
Crystal is too good for this earth
How about fixing your old s*** before you start making new.
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
Love This game I played The first one Amazing.. BUT IT'S MISSING a few things that would take this game to the next level.  LIKE CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION AND It Would be nice to be able to keep your level from SWB Pt. 1 AND EVENTUALLY BE ABLE TO LEVEL UP AND BECOME A BOUNTY HUNTER, JEDI OR SITH WITH YOUR CHARACTER JUST SAYIN.
Too funny!
Whos on team godson
LOL WHEAT? RYE? CORN?
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the ?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
You should do how deadly would it be to fall off rainbow road
Was I the only one who was kinda disgusted when she said peach princess?
Fuck playing Doom and Wolfenstein on the go will be so sick
I will not attempt this now... I will appropriately and respectfully wait for the date next year to do it.\n\nto honor Iwata san. This is sacred.
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
It is true the COCom list made it impossible for us as teenies to get hightech from western Europe, but these rules did not aplly to electronic scrap. Friends of mine in West Berlin sendet me vie postal service carefully seperatet/cutted parts in several packages and we buildet and soldet everything up again. :-) These C4 plus/ C-64 looked a little bit strange afterwards, but we had a working computer at the end. We were creative :-).
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Im Japanese
i got a puestion how to get in clash of clans get in private server pls answer me
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
The animations were my favourite part, Dad Gorg continues to raise the bar for everyone.
So we can expect to run like shit in that shitty console, so why are the nintytards excited?
PLS DO GRENINJA!!!
Love the vids dude
Lets GET THIS TO #1 TRENDING BOI'S
Looks great, but all i want is the normal conquest mode like in the old battlefront games.
What story?
I knew I recognized that song from Fishing Trawler on RuneScape
Best open world game ever Coming right up
Germany was pretty fucked up at the time.\nWestern germany was pretty much enslaving eastern germany to produce a lot of products like furniture and many other things for a low price while eastern germany didn't even have acces to many of those things.\nAnd the reason why this was going on for so long is simply because western germany  only made profits while the east wasn't able to develop and fight back.\nThere are many stories out there and if you got caught trying to cross the well protected border, you were either caught and put behind bars if you were lucky or shot on the spot like a dog in the streets.\nYou also were not allowed to leave the country (GDR or DDR (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) as we call it in germany) without permission to do so wich still was pretty restricted to say the least. \nTo this day, western germany is much more developed and has higher wages than eastern germany BUT the cost of living there is also much higher.\nIt's still pretty fucked up in my opinion and with all the new people streaming in from the southeast, the government is putting a lot of money into programs for them like learning german and everything surrounding work and stuff wich leaves germans in the dust.\nBut I guess in 3 to 5 years everything will get better once all those people got integrated into our society.\nSorry for drifting off lol
Wow look a waste of money!!!
Vr is dead. Stop already
This coment section is pure cancer
Only $505165131651 get it now
So happy you're getting recognition! Your content is great!
Lets just wait and see if the game actually runs on anything higher than 480p 25fps before we collectively suck Nintendos dick!!!
i main human
I love how this is trending with only 80k views.
I don't get the on the go part?
magnificent 7 was a great movie
I'm not a fan of mute videos.
this looks just like Zelda!
im crying real tears right now
*oh boy this make me so happy*
Hopefully they go back to what made south park great. Finding something to make fun of, doing that, and moving on. The story style got old quick. It was fine in aspects like Imagination Land etc. but the election and PC story line got old quick and they kept milking it all season. That's why I'm worried even with this commercial. Yeah make fun of the race war going on over people's feelings being hurt over a flag but then stop after that and move on. Don't devote an entire season to it.
you fucking legend. I annoyingly requested this pretty much any time I requested anything to you, and I apologize. But now it has been done and my heart may find peace. Thank you ExileLord
#35 on trending gg
I wish there was more content on YouTube like this.
Yawnssss... Old news.
It's not his fault if his taxi crashed dip shits
This is so fun to watch, love it!
Kindly add Pakistan's flag
GOTY
Only 4K res!
Rofl
Why does the m1 Garand sound like a laser 
yup its happening here we go
Wonder how much crap they would get if they had all colored people playing lmao
Spoiler Alert:\n\n\n\n\nCartman broke up with Heidi!!!!
are you fucking kidding me? CRATES?!?!?!?
Oh my good vai sair pra androideOAJAHWHAOERBSOSBDHEHJDNDNENFELICIDADES
I love watching your videos dude. You are very straight to the point with your tutorials.
*I use oculus go everyday! I love Oculus go*
Thats fresh
Follow me!
Stopped playing months ago. Had no chance at catching the legendaries, so no point anymore
Ready player one
I've always loved the hammerhead shark build; glad to see it getting recognized in the current meta.
IM SO READY FOR THIS GAME TO BE OUT.
thank you for finally trying to do something that games have not been able to do in a long time at least for me. If only there was a real game to help drive home the point and actually sparked the interest for everyone else good luck to you I hope it goes well man
You should look into the balancing of different reproductive systems. Seems completely unbalanced that some classes have to camp their own spawn point to defend against griefers for months just because they have the egg skill tree when others get the incredibly easy budding ability.
Time to waste $60 next week (for good purposes)
Did anyone else spot the Odyssey at 1:11?
Love the vids dude
I love the ksp music
Frankiiieeee I luv ur dance!!! I am a fan of urs
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
game looks great. id stream it. BUUUUUUUUUT. yeah nintendo can take their profit share and shove it.
How backlogged was this video?
dude do a tier list for bears
NOBODY CARES HERE IN THE NICE COMMUNITY
S P O O P Y
Trending omg Im so proud of this channel \nLike if u agree
Please do a Tier list for Owls
Hour long stream just for a trialer lol, just show the trialer
Subscribe to my channel for fun facts about animals and space
K.O Clash of clash of clans
I visited the museum last year with my college class it was extremely interesting(The pain station was the center piece of our whole time there, did you play it bunny?) but they never quite went into how the machines etc. were programmed that was very interesting finding it out from this video. \nDid you manage to get to the DDR museum bunny? I found it very interesting as well.
I really want a Salamander discussion, specifically the Giant Chinese and Giant Japanese Salamanders.
Great video, dude. I was curious about the best common support class for human players. I've seen some go with less-than-common supports that really don't seem like they actually fit as supports, but allow the human plays to absolutely excel in certain servers, primarily when they're under-equipped. You ever seen a human with the street vendor prestige with a panther or jaguar playing support? There's a very popular video showcasing one of these players with a fucking lion support in south africa. Try to gank that guy, I'd dare you!\n\nOne thing that's really strange to me is why anyone would actively play mosquito. They've got to be the lowest tier out of all the insect players, somewhere lower than E tier. Their natural predators don't even require them for their own playthroughs! The devs could totally wipe all mosquito players from the game, banning them permenantly, and the only class that would even notice would be the human players. That's a level beyond low tier if I've ever seen it. Even housefly players aren't that useless. What does a mosquito main even do all day? They have some of the shortest playthroughs I can even think of and are less effective at making an actual change in the meta than something like yersinia pestis players, who you'll remember damn near banned humans from the european continent earlier this season (of course that was with great help from rat players and there's a huge debate on whether or not it would've even been possible without the rat flea mains) \n\nAnyway I look forward to more of your analysis of the current meta. You're clearly quite familiar with a lot of the mechanics of the game.
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
I think the keywords are psychic power. Maybe it's psychic power are dense enough to create a black hole. Don't forget it's a while different universe so not everything is the same as it is in ours.
I got that hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference with the wale and flower
Trending\n\n\n\n\nThat's right...
Heh, we criticise the ess jay duble uuus and the altright two scoop natsees
Thank you ETA Prime! I have been looking forward to adding about 6-8 more games to mine. \nQuestion can anyone confirm this method keeps using the original SNES emulator (Canoe?). I was not interested in installing RetroArch or anything since we already have a Pi for that. The SNES Mini seems to emulate the games it has more accurately (less lag) and I would like to use it for other games If possible
Hi
First time here and its great
fuck facebook
You lost me at conservation of matter.
This thing better have a gtx 1080
NOOD?L?E!
This makes my gamer heart happy
Let's see: 139 for Samsung gear VR with controller, or 200 dollars for Oculus Go? I think you know where your money should land at...
how about playing the ACTUAL pokemon games\nyou can catch all gens with that
Just saying, but the Pokedex says that Gardevoir will give its own life for its trainer. Meaning that Gardevoir still does its job(sort of, at the expense of everything on planet Earth).
There are crocodiles in America as well...but they are rare and only in the very very Southern Portion of Florida
Zorua
This game is dead no hate Im th11 maxed out
Does anybody else try to click the screen 
Gen 3 for Pokmon go confirmed
Cool!
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
they know they can't do a whole minute because the Nintendo switch has no space
You are a fucking genius
Will I be in the game?
Orgasmoooooooooooooos
But games aren't political though.
The platypus is where it's at.
People talking about free dlc.... you forgot theyre adding micro transactions to make up for that money?
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
MAKE 2 BUILDER IN BULDERHALL MEN FICKS IT PLEAS 2BUILDERS
hadir gan
That's pretty creepy the way this is hidden inside without Nintendo saying anything about and the way you have to do Iwata's directly to you hand sign,  now now I'm staring at my switch all weird while playing Splatoon 2 LOL.
So we can expect to run like shit in that shitty console, so why are the nintytards excited?
Eh, what? I don't understand how I can do this???
So cross hero gameplay is a thing :/
How do so many not remember who dutch van der linde is??? he was marstons target through the whole game!!!
It was live now
*Public Service Announcement*\n1. Search - ROFL with Ray (or simply click the logo)\n2. Prepare to Laugh\n3. Laugh
They took different Wild West spots. When they came to Santa Fe NM they are using the old building there is
This is what happens when you put two idiots in charge..
wow this video made it into youtube's trending, well deserved in my opinion
Hope the take on the asshats at Antifa too because both sides suck
2:06 RIP BATTLEFIELD 1
I love this shit
AWESOME!! Please make a discord server to discuss these things! \n\nLike if you agree, you can unlike after tier zoo noticed this as proof of the fact that this is no like bait
Trading update plzz
What are cats?
This is OMG I love it
Hi there,\nNow i've been a long time player of the Jaguar class, and this channel has been a great help for me when min maxing my stats and gear, so thank you!\n\nI was just wondering why you have not yet mentioned the Human Civilization expansion pack that was introduced 20,000 years ago? As a long time player of Earth, i'd like to know your thoughts on how that expansion changed the game and whether or not Human is a viable class.
Hey can you address the supposed loc ness build, I've never seen the player but some people have apparently
Why do you need one of these when you can literally made this shit yourself with only cardboard and less than $10
What tier is the Goblin Shark?
This is really a surprise, i don't know how a system wich can't run Overcooked at 30fps will be able to run DOOM on the go... Maybe it's a custom built, or those Switch are gonna melt for sure
Will this allow you to add NES games to the SNES as well?
Kinda reminds me of red dead revolver due to the red bandana that red had around his neck
COC is dead, if you're still playing it, you're late to the party
free game behind a dance-wall
As retarded as this show is, I still love it.
Can we get a reptile class video
Hello Dear   I do not work AA, I work for one of the major carriers. Yes, platinum  members are entitled  to perks like upgrading. But if someone wants to pay for that seat , they have priority.  , upgrades are given out minutes before boarding . In your case if the system gave you that seat and allowed you to book it, it should have been yours. It was an error. In there part and you should have been compensated.   So
The next patch, Tremors of Yellowstone looks to be a blast.
Rofl
@ETA Prime.. congrats long time sub jere. You made it on the trending page with this vid.
Also tiny black holes explode with light, so they could be used as a weapon.
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
My favorite shark build got the top of S tier!!!! I feel like I won a prize hahaha
SUPER MARIO BROADWAY SHOW \n\nIT NEEDS TO HAPPEN
Lets'a go
Bin ich der einzige Deutsche hier?
Alright I wonder what Season 21 will look like in the first episode
I would love a mmo simulation game that is an entire ecosystem
I hope we get to play the riverboat robbery massacre that is hinted at so many times in the first game by Marston.\n **Spoiler for Red Dead Redemption 1**\n\nThis is when the group split pretty much, or at very least list some ppl incl. leaving Marston for dead.   I'm really hoping the the line said in the 1st trailer is Morgan telling Marston basically if it all goes wrong just turn and don't look back, maybe even that's said right before the riverboat heist is about to go down.  \n\nAnyways so excited, but IGN you guys should do your damn research before speaking.
that elephant is trespassing on mario world 1-2. tsk
wtf!? WHAT ABOUT MY OCULUS RIFT + TOUCH HEY WHAT THE FUCK WHERE ARE MY GAMES!
Is there a difference in performance between compressed zips and uncompressed .smc files?
She has that sexy nerd thing going for her.
This woman is a race baiter if there ever is one.  They kicked her ass off the flight because the Pilot saw her as being a erratic fucking idiot that may be a problem.  He has that right, he doesn't have to explain himself to anyone.  He's the fucking Pilot.
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
Aren't you concerned that the video might be taken down for the music?
She's so bubbly I love her!!
I sang along
Maa chod
Anyone know the song?
No game no hype, those are the rules.
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
trump commits suicide after south park premiere
Dead game
free game behind a dance-wall
I'm playing this on Xbox one X can't wait
Wait lol people still play this game omg
What's the music playing in the background?
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
Talk about viruses
Oculus is like the Apple of VR, while HTC is the Windows.
So lets keep count of the amount of viewers that don't even have a Nintendo but still watched the whole video. 
God, Mario is my childhood he was my idol, my hero, and he still is today. Thx for the memories nintendo!
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
Wouldnt its hug kill you via the massive red spike on its chest
It's comes out in auttum
She's so bubbly I love her!!
bandz make Nintendo dance baybeeee
I'm honestly floored at this musical actually made it to France as *the official TV advertisement.*
Amateurs....
low settings 720p 60fps im fine with it just 60fps pleaseeeeee
Awesome video, crazy amount of work put into this.
stil not on pc
Boy I hope its not like Destiny
I love Miyamoto cuddling with his Mario plush!!\nAhhh! My heart!\nIt's so cute, Mario is his child, he's so proud of what Mario is and has become. \nIt must be such a powerful and pure feeling. :')
i feel that this device is just good enough for streaming video
I've heard it has a LCD display, which is a strange decision because the Rift moved to OLED due to LCD having problems with persistence?
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
Lets just wait and see if the game actually runs on anything higher than 480p 25fps before we collectively suck Nintendos dick!!!
Can you plz do a theory on pikmin
Monkeys next.
What a shame that i cant catch any of these because i live in a rural area
Maa chod
Is that amalgamation 2 in the outro!?
Cant tell if this is an actual game or he's making it like a game.
Rednecks, Randy with something that looks like a giant ass. I am curieus what This episode is gonna be About
Wait these guys aren't dead?
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
Rehearsal for opening summer olympics 2020 Tokyo!!!
I already knew about giant cannon and all the other unreleased things because there is a hacked one with them
free game behind a dance-wall
Could anyone please share the RC4 file?  The link isnt working.
I love you
Nope
What's the answer for 18
That museum was very cool. Really liked seeing the old games and tech.
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
let's be honest we all know why he covered gardevoir
Did he stumble at 1:48? It looked like they tripped over each other's feet
Watch cod 2018 be on switch.  I'm calling it
Can you do a video on best sleeper builds? (A.K.A best builds that shouldn't work but work extremely well)
he still have the same yahoo i love lol
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
Season 21 will not be a continuous plot\nSeason 21 will tackle current issues, as South Park always has, but not politics. More of social life in America (and the world)\nSeason 21 WILL step away from Trump. \nSeason 21 WILL be better than season 20! :)))
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
LOL WHEAT? RYE? CORN?
I hope we're not seeing PC Principal again. And I hope the seasons are longer again
This is going to be awesome.
Snorlax is gonna kill us all ... right?
But does it play knack?
I need to work on german subtitles for this video ASAP. My family comes from East Germany and I bet my mum would love to watch the video! Problem is; her english is terrible, she wouldn't understand most of this.
yes a pokemon video. ps flying types are the best.
still 20 v 20 ugh. what ever looks way better than the first bf
Vektor is probably a fucking nightmare to play on expert.
Good. There's swastikas in the game.
I'm just gonna comment
so dogs are lucios
Supercell, that looks awesome!
Marty's hands keep shaking, is that hype?
can preorder now. o yeah were close
Thou shall notdraw lewd images of Gardevoir\n                                                                -MatPat
Fox
cant wait im about 15 years VR is gonna be way improved. And in 30 even more i feel like its inevitable.
Is their even any point to play the first Battlefront anymore!? Lol seriously
Doing god's work comrade, keep it up
Hey so are you ever gonna cover how massively unbalanced the Human players are? When are they gonna get nerfed? They are basically playing their own game at this point.
he's so cute!!  been a huge fan of his for years, so they got my votes.
IT'S A ME- A-MARIO
Smh I hate when American debunk anime logic. You just dont.
Could you imagine the shock of someone remembering the passing date of Iwata, making the gesture in front of console, and then the game starts all of a sudden!?\n\nAmazing tribute. Fantastic.
Probably gonna be one of the best Mario games in a long time.
Mario san savingu pirincess peachu......ohhhhho
Why is only compatible with 4 games? Is that Nintendos way of testing and rolling out the new features?
Yay! Do Nidoking!
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
The pay to win is strong in you young Battlefront 2...
Ricegum took the L
Never was interested in my learning assembly in college and my professors didn't make it interesting but this video right here is fantastic! I love GH and you are an incredible dev!
White and fabric?  That's gonna get dirty too easily.  Especially if you're supposed to have it on the go.
Yo cover and make a video about heavy support players like for example I like playing as elephant and playing with some of my friends who also play as elephant and we clear the server and get so much exp so fast! I'm already level 40+!!
I can't get it to woek
Hi
i hope to one day be half as good of a programmer as you
Works perfect!! I now have over 40 games and still adding more to my snes mini awesome vid thanx for the info !!
Lets FRICKEN GO!!!!!!!!!!
Finally!!! I'm sure this is worth the wait ^-^
Do you have to legit flick the joycon? Cool
Delet this
You turned this into some creepy fucking horror film,\n\n\nI love it!
were are spiders on the tier list
Wait, what?
...but what about streaming/posting gameplay videos on YouTube?
I'm betting and hope one of the  main characters is a the native american with the rag sack.
Dude, you really have a lot of talent. As cliche as it sounds, this really has a lot of meaning in the scientific community as it stands in america. The government holding back its citizens in scientific discovery is mind boggling.
This doesn't answer any of my questions. Where do i go to get answers?
Like if youre a seal player
At least Facebook is still trying.
When I get a switch with splatoon 2 \n\nIm gonna capture a video of the inkling creator
He died on my birthday.
Two people who seem haven't a clue about rdr1 , and are guessing what is happening now it's a clear prequel noticed the moment I seen trailer that's all that needs to be said now we wait till next info
Will n64 roms work with this?
Hyped
Cant wait, damn the negative replys...
alligators or crocodiles would be cool
Its a prequel, unless there is another Dutch.
Good
Its all about dat pidgeon.
This is more interesting than a Vsauce video, keep up the good work Exile!
PC please
Capture a Nintendo video, post it to YouTube. Nintendo flags it, it's copyright material.\nWell lookit me. I'm a big dumb sucker! HA
i can wait when the day comes time to get Zack Snyder and Bitch Affleck to be in the South Park episode this Batman Vs Superman movie is gone out of control by MCU Fanbase.
I still want pokmon icons on the switch.  Please Nintendo actually listen to a fan this time or I'll hack my switch to have them and find an exploit to get unbanned.
Wow Nice update.
Finally
iTzU you're so cute. and good gamer. :)
So same game with possession powers added oh also newer graphics ?
Im soo happy right now I cant stop smiling. Mario games are always been my childhood favorites. I luv you Nintendo!
Is that amalgamation 2 in the outro!?
Only real ones watch the entire 24 min loading screen
Alright I wonder what Season 21 will look like in the first episode
You should do one based on some of the stranger characters like say duck-billed platypus,  Narwals, Sea Pigs,  anything else thats just kinda bizarre
I know saw shark is low tier but its fun to pvp against the occasional passerby swordfish build.
Yay
The mod worked perfectly and I executed it four consecutive times! Thanks again, ETA PRIME!
pokedex is wrong, god is dead, the goverment is fucked, thanksgiving is about killing indains
I also knew nintendo was founded in the 19th century and made playing cards cuz it was on a snapple bottlecap
I saw swastikas like if u saw them
and fifa switch is a fifa 18 ps3 port...
Why upload the first 33 minutes of nothing?
$1000?
what a likeable,  humble guy!
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
How is Gardevoir the embrace pokemon? She has a freaking blade coming out her chest!
Y Nintendo y?  Never make Mario dance again
Pangolin, anteater type builds
YELLOWSTONE SUPERVOLCANO BALANCE PATCH\nBACK UP ALL FILES
Yup, definitely getting this.
Cool!
The link no longer exist
Lueeeeegeeeee, you gotta go save the *Peach Princess*
Hey,can you make a insects guide,the bee and mosquito/wasp are like the pistol srimph,all DPS but are kinda of a support too!look at the bee,it has a stinger and armor,looks like a great bruiser build,dosnt it??well,human player farm them for the honey consumable and the wax crafting material,and are one of the few classes that SINERGISES with plant kindom players,and look  at the mosquito,similar,and supports a DPS class:the Malaria build,giving them a GIGANTIC spd boost and the the ability to go though skin buff,giving the GIGANTIC DoT on human players is so fun!make a guide on them,NOW!!
I would love a mmo simulation game that is an entire ecosystem
Season 21 will not be a continuous plot\nSeason 21 will tackle current issues, as South Park always has, but not politics. More of social life in America (and the world)\nSeason 21 WILL step away from Trump. \nSeason 21 WILL be better than season 20! :)))
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
This is some real games journalism bruh
Builder hall ruined the game, too much to focus on.
R.I.P. South Park.
I'm worried Nintendo is slowly turning into Microsoft
Woah!! Trending video, congrats!
I love this shit
Kewl
will this work in steam vr?
Another spy tool from fakebook that will make us less sociable!! Sounds great!!
When you wait to completely upgrade all your building til you upgrade your town hall the. The update comes
Marty your not sure if this is a prequel or a sequel? Here is a little help. Dutch is mentioned in the video. By the end of Red Dead Redemption what happened to Dutch? So if he is here then this time period shown in the video must be before RD1. If your not sure what happened to Dutch by the end of RD1 check the wiki he details exactly what happens to him and how if he is in the game it confirms that this time period MUST be before RD1 as a prequel.
This show is hilarious
great hype much erection
pls add builder hall friendly challenges pls.
Wow all they gave was a 6 shit they cheap i think he did atleast a 23
I like it but the dancing is ugly also Im being mario for Halloween cause mario is amazing 
Hey! That's pretty good!
This legit makes me want to cry.
Gengar and clefairy!!
good idea. will sell
Chief, no!
this video is amazing. you should make more coding videos
I want a stranger things game similar to Friday the 13
Could you do one on eusocial insects? What tier are fire ants? I'm planning on playing as a fire ant colony for my next playthrough.
I want to see Gangnam Style and gentleman as an emote
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
They really couldn't come up with better lyrics than odyssey yessey?
$200?! I'm actually excited to get this
btw dendy is a chinese system and was simultaneously on market with sega16bit and ps1 (n64 and snes too but no one ever cared about nintendo)
nice work..
Great video! This has got me absolutely hyped for the upcoming game!
I've been showing this video to everyone. I have two cats, and I just don't see them the same anymore. Now I want a dog, you jerk. Seriously, though, your videos are downright fascinating.
I got a Halloween special edition Pikachu
If they make a stranger things game, I dont want it to follow the shows plot. Id want it to be a completely original story.\n\nedit:unless this already is an original story
Can't believe dog mario is real
This deserves no dislikes, omg so much nostalgia 
I'm confused about my new build. I play a Cassowary, and I'm not sure how I should play.
fuck facebook
Looks like mario needs to celebrate first before rescuing peach again XD
I love this shit
Can't wait untill it's just one poorly executed plotline again
Enough of the 2D boring pew pew games already! this is the future! where a massive open world like BOTW exists on SWITCH! Give me my Red Dead Redemption 2, My COD's and Battlefield's Nintendo! and I'll give you my mmmMONNEYYYYY.
Mario looks SO realistic
These two are chickenshit pussies. They'll poke fun of rednecks, Republicans, and people sick of this hypocritical racism bullshit. But, these fucks won't touch Mohammed, ISIS, or the hypocritical Black Power Movement. Just goes to show how weak and one sided liberal Hollywood is.
Why was the snake not listed in the human support tier list?  Are you saying snakes aren't real pets?  But IDC, it's still a great video!
thank you for posting this.
Fuck facebook, I will not give them a cent of my money. Garbage of a company.
holy shit this channel is amazing
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
I dont like sand
Sounds like current year gaming politics.
your skill is legendary
OKAY. I previously posted a colmebt doubting this claim, but after searching more, I found even MORE proof of it.\n\nThis is fucking real, and that makes me so happy.
Do you get to keep the game, or is it only playable on July 11th?
That's pretty ok 
free game behind a dance-wall
Where the heck is the goblin shark on the tier list?
i cant get it to work XP
Nintendo is on fire making these awesome trailers!
You guys should do something on Polybius... I'd 100% watch that
You're the best!\n\nIs there a reason there aren't simple scripts to get past Securom's obfusicating? If it's always the same pattern like you described, why can't you just have something go through the data and get rid of extra functions and the like?
Life is unfair!
And yes they do evaporate extremely quickly but what if you make to many of them ir may be by minute amounts it still takes bacteria and matter of all sorts... all the numbers will add up to a big number.... please think about what your talking about scientists. Dont destroy your own planet.
will those two games be running on 20 fps?
hi..i copyright your channel
Game could be good but it isn't! Same shitty system like the first one and like bf one as well! Why could EA not saty with the old battlefront? Or like bf3?
This is just me but I don't like dogs \n\n\n\n\n\nI taste the dislikes now
It's a step in the right direction, but man they have a long way to go. I love shadowplay so much

The VIVE is still better though o3o
Important update we cant have fun in bh base if we dont have friendly battles add it please,  also balance the match up we hate matching with max troops its annoying
Is this a game or a movie, I can't tell
Dont give a damn about multiplayer, this is what I wanted
Will you make a video discussing the importance of the defensive meta and name some specific animals that follow this build?
Finally cracked it, re-flashed with original kernel.\ndeleted hakchi and re-downloaded.\nrepeated same process I've already done.\nworked a treat
MAKE 2 BUILDER IN BULDERHALL MEN FICKS IT PLEAS 2BUILDERS
It works, it's awesome, the weird thing I get is that if I turn off the snes mini at the menu screen I get a c8 error...but if I turn it off during a game....it turns off fine. Reflashed original, flashed custom, tried it again and still get c8 error. Works for me, which is great, still but minor nuisance.
Could you cover how humans have become more and more overpowered in recent patches?
This is cool but to be honest it's useless nobodies going to use it for twitter or Facebook people only would want it for YouTube and if it was longer than 30 seconds
Hi
High Five, to all South Park Fans!!! :D
I'll get it LMAO
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
wow!http://www.ebay.com/itm/253202403957?var=&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
I just remembered this was a thing
I refuse to believe some of the people in the comment section are just that nave. Its literally tells you its meant for highlights, people. Why am I seeing comments about capturing devices and streaming like it directly caters to and only to youtubers and so on, rather than someone out and about wanting capture a key moment on the go. I mean, as I recall, I do remember the Nintendo Switch being marketed as a device you can play and take anywhere, am I wrong?
What happened to all the game modes on the first one? They should have carried them over as well
on my console it dont work :(
If this was like last season it would have taken 3 episodes for alexa to go missing.
Can you guys make one with the whole song
Please find one new tropps like mega gaint
That song that played at 8:51 does anyone know what it is? I keep hearing it randomly in different forms whenever I hear something USSR related...
Since you can't upload to gameplay to Youtube then why are you showing us this on YouTube? Nintendo is such a hypocrite
so dogs are lucios
Wait, what? This doesn't work for ALL Switch games?! C'mon, Nintendo... :'(
zen-like tutorial.
And Bethesda again shows itself to be better than E.A
I haven't even played it yet and I'm getting emotional\nCan't Wait!!!
Hour long stream just for a trialer lol, just show the trialer
Is the boy in the trailer a young John Marston.? It would make sense in terms of time scale
How backlogged was this video?
Its a prequel, unless there is another Dutch.
Please please just do dogs I really love the American Bulldog if you can clue it I will greatly appreciate it love you videos
Anyone else experiencing delay in sound response since having added games?
Big cat tier list
I'm going to CAPTURE myself CAPTURING an enemy in Super Mario Odyssey!
ADD MAGIC COOPA INTO MARIO KART 8
Hahahaha @BLACK HOLES MATTER
alligators or crocodiles would be cool
How backlogged was this video?
I like it ... sub
Mako sharks are B at most, They're delicious to humans.
High Five, to all South Park Fans!!! :D
Ahhaaaaaaaaa
I want to see someone fall into the moat of the gaming platform...
Does this mean you wont take peoples money from posting gameplay videos or nah

Wow
And then they fucked.  And it got awkward.
What do a penis and a cucumber  have in common?\nThey both are the same shape and the both have cum in the middle \nCuCUMber
My shiba inu knows the drill attack
Heeeyy ttheyy teerrrk ourr jeerrbbss!
Is arcanine a legendary Pokemon?
Im going to enjoy this game more than Zelda not really a huge Zelda fan no offensive
How do so many not remember who dutch van der linde is??? he was marstons target through the whole game!!!
I laughed too
Just picked my favs thanks for the tut
Cuando sea grande quiero se como Tuy. Saludos desde Venezuela
I really thought the guy in the couch was cnd
Wow my channel is mentionned? That's incredible! Totally unexpected! Thanks a ton it really means a lot :D I truly appreciate it!!!
This was stupid
could you do a video on the spider tier list? and i mean true spiders, not tarantulas.
Who forgot this was a game?
OMG another political crap season smh now that South Park is down hill all animated entertainment has been tainted and overdone
NEW TECH!!! https://youtu.be/ctFg0XC9_8Y
Looks really good
they can laugh all they want but if the news chick wanted a limited edition COACH purse she be waiting in line or the male anchor  same thing just a limited edition doll for kids for his daughter or grand daughter he be in line also. yet when it comes to a console hahahahaha besides this year for the  latest iphone not the X but the 8 no lines yet this November  their will be lines for it yet no one will be laughing  yet i think waiting for a console is more worth it  rather than a damn phone.
Im soo happy right now I cant stop smiling. Mario games are always been my childhood favorites. I luv you Nintendo!
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
Oh wow, cool. To bad Pokemon Go isn't available in my country...
Didn't Austin already cover this?
This is just one of the many pokedex entries you could say the same thing about XD
lol
Cool!
Fuel been l's chi PC ebb crash cash l's penis hurt when touch inside did cut Mhz Nippon khan oz Rica site basis also pal pillion Philadelphia Mcdonald's stoical medics dud
All hail this Legend of Code
uh you werent exact it was 1889 not 1886
In Hungary the curtain was a bit more loose, so there were zx Spectrums at schools, and also c64 and amiga smuggled from Austria. Videoton also made some pong console clones, and there was the fairly popular Yellow Cartridge Nintendo ( srga kazetts ) clone console.\nThere's a documentary about the Commodore64 game developement called Moleman 4 - Longplay.\nAlso all those Trabants make me feel nostalgic. We had one until 2007.
I didn't understand most of the stuff you said but good fucking job man, really.
Debunk Dugtrio.
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
my suggestion would be bird builds
*:v*
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
this is such a creative pair, and I really enjoy that she seems to inspire Mark to bring out his A-game
I should go burn my CS degree rn. Entertaining stuff!
I've missed South Park
Rockstar should use this to make a The Dark Tower game.
so glad you mentioned toxoplasma. will you cover more parasite builds?
Here's a Fire Emblem theory: The Weapon Triangle (Swords beats Axes, Axes beats Lances, Lances beat Swords): Can that it work in real life?
Hard pass.
>playing any marine class and not speccing into deep-sea survival\n>plebs don't know about the goblin shark
You mentioned Bat builds in your previous video but haven't actually gone in depth with them, I'm thinking on starting one up but want to know what I'm getting into first
i do like his humility, I like his sincerity, not pompous at all :)
Now NINTEND since your trying to be like everyone else why don't you try one more thing like everyone else and let us share with people on YouTube
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
matpat plz do mimikyuor type null I'm so intrigued\ni mainly want to see type null
Pokemon Sun and Moon? You could continue the multiple universe theory!
lel blue joy con= botw red joycon = mario odyssey\nthat would be a cool commercial
It doesnt work
Fuck playing Doom and Wolfenstein on the go will be so sick
Can you give some advice on the platypus build?
What is this? WHAT IS THIS!?? An American talking about something from beyond the Iron Curtain? And doing proper research on it? And presenting it in a bearable manner? my compliments go to that!\n\nWhen I clicked on the video I seriously expected it will be all like HUHUH, they didnt have NENTENDUH, HUHUH, they suck!
Legend.
i got a puestion how to get in clash of clans get in private server pls answer me
WTF? there wasn't sound!
What you can play in splitscreen only arcade or more?
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
You are such idiots van der lind was the leader of the gang of williamson and javier escuella, and he appears in the trailer as the politician they thought
#35 on trending congrats
How about the Pokdex entry for Magcargo? It claims that it is 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit which would make it literally impossible for normal humans to even get near the thing without immediately frying to death. Also, the entries aren't written by the professors. They, instead, have children go out and collect their data for them which seems extremely unprofessional and thus, could lead to tons of misinformation within the dex. Misinformation that, as far as we know, the professors never bother to check and fix.
Watching this as a have 1 cat laying on my legs and another sleeping around my neck/head, I feel like I might be a tad biased.
playing oceans is so damn boring tbh theyre the biggest maps and basically featureless
wow so cool!
I understood some of those words.
Troomtroomprankst 
Red Dead Revolver\nRed Dead Redemption\nRed Dead Redemption 2\n\nIdk would have been nice to have a new word, but I guess corporate marketing has its way yet again. Shark cards much
1) How comes he didn't mention the rule 34?\n\n2) Darumaka. Do Darumaka next.
Am I the only person that enjoys obeying the traffic laws in GTA?? 
What would be the best build for dps flanker mains. I'm interested in trying out this platform any help is appreciated.
I've seen her do spins..I knew she had it
Super nintendo dirty as hell
I wait for the day when they can make sword art online a real thing
I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED IT
Great video!
This is fucking beautiful.
thank you
Dogs?  Dogs are the best support class?  Compared to cats, sure, but dogs ain't horses.
I get Nes Mini not found, sorry when I click install driver, following your directions at the dump kernel step. Tried all my usb ports (they are all 3.0), tried stock cable, and other cables to make sure it wasn't cable. I'm on windows 10.
An absolute joy to see those skills!
Do snolax
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
You could talk about why dinossaurs got banned.
Now if only they'll add more pokestops and make the battle system not boring
First of all Toxoplasmosis only effects a mammal player's reaction to the smell of cat urine. It doesn't effect a human's impression when they look at a cat, or a picture of a cat which has more to do with their large heads and forward facing eyes than anything else. It is a scapegoat, at this point really a meme, which I have heard parroted by salty dog mains over and over again on the forums as the only explanation they'll accept to the fact that cat memes outnumber dog memes on the internet 10 to 1. Secondly, not ONE mention of the purring status effect and it's proven connection to lower blood pressure, decrease heart disease and negate the stress debuff!\n\nGiven that it's been linked to the healing of soft tissues, bones, lowering the risk of heart attacks and improving the ability to fight off infections it's one of the few AOE heals naturally available in the game, and yet TierZoo has the nerve to suggest that cats are not a support class! This is to say nothing of how their rodent catching (which is depicted here solely as a negative) has helped the farmer prestige class and helped shut down plague players by knocking down their host numbers where it matters most, _near human spawn points._\n\nToo great of a deal is also made over the usefulness of dogs in this video. While it's true that they _can_ be used to find loot and negate the blindness debuff, due to their slow talent acquisition and the sheer amount of grinding that it takes for them to attain a prestige class few dog players ever develop past the level where they acquire the bark at strangers and shit in the yard skills. This is to say nothing of the sheer amount of troll builds that exist for dogs such as chihuahuas who for reasons most of us will never be able to fathom, place most of their points into expanding their hatred resource pool and their tremble ability.\n\nI would also like to add that as a support class for humans, new dog players have to learn the housebroken trait where as cats begin the game with the use a litterbox quest. This video shows a plain bias and sadly TierZoo doesn't know what he's talking about. It is always hard to say that when you see a bad video by a pro who's opinion that you normally respect.
wow, megaton announcement :o speaking of which....  fallout 3 plx?
Super Mario wacky world? 0:25
Don't hate me this is my first red dead redemption game I've heard about but it looks really good.
Wow, how did this pass 7/11/2017?
This is going to be awesome.
Only complaint I would have about this particular trailer is the lack of diversity--where are all the people of color? haha. Otherwise, great production value! Love the game and I love Nintendo. Can't wait!
Is there a difference in performance between compressed zips and uncompressed .smc files?
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
plzz back to my acount plz dont ban plzzzz
This is incredibly cool. I always wanted to learn a bit more about debugging and maybe fixing games but I don't even know where to start.
Is there a reason as to why this only happens on PC and not console?
Gengar
So roms are running on the SNES classics own emulator? Or how is this working?
Runescape is dead. But i just heard old school is coming to mobile this Christmas
*comments about the next dr who theory*
but what about the massive late game champ the Greenland Shark?
I wanna play as Porkins
Please can you do Pikachu?
Cover more bacteria builds!
this looks just like Zelda!
What a game!!
Hour long stream just for a trialer lol, just show the trialer
Wow, these people are really unfunny...
Cats are junglers or a damage support, while dogs are heavily reliant on their human carry to progress, while when multiple cat plahers have a lazy human player they can still strive and also cats scaling in the African servers are broken and dominate the meta
0:25 you can see all the future upgrade too
Kitni beker game ha clash of clan lalo
Why is the rhino D tier?\n\n\n\nWhile low on intelligence, its high defenses, damage, and decent speed compensate for its lack of utility. \n\n\nIt has one of the best charge attacks in the game imo.
HD yeah right !!..>.<.. 480p rubbish, this need to be 1080p -_-
I sure cats hacks! I sure, way to high kdr.
doesnt work for me NOOOOOO i wanna play it
The real question is how is trubbish alive it literally is a bag of rubbish
My god this game is just MADE for gemmers. Seriously, I cant even max out before they add another unneeded update
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
Nintendo was founded in 1889. Did anyone fact check this video.
why do you have to get sponsored by cnn
I saw swastikas like if u saw them
good idea. will sell
damn the resolution looks sub 720p...
Malcome ....awkward......
These are always so awkward 
That's it, I'm finally subbing. Between the funny editing and informative content, this channel is just great. Thanks for making all the videos!
Its hard to search for it in the play store. I downloaded it after clicking links that directed me to it in the store. Uninstalled it because im werry of its access.
Thats so cool!
8:10
Insect teir would be cool, also the blob fish
That was so fucking cool
Yes Nintendo, but what games am I gonna capture if there are no games to capture.
5:53 IS THAT GENIUS ADVERTISING OR IS IT A RANDOM NAME?
If you play this game get a life loser
Follow me!
Yeah, because the Switch can totally run these.\nGuys I was joking, please stop replying !
Please note (best to my knowledge) that the EU PAL edition of the SNES Mini also came with USA installed games. There are no EU Pal games on the system. I guess thats because the EU games ran at 50hz and had those letterbox borders on them.
If there's going to be RDR Online I am hoping Rockstar can fix the loading screen times, connectivity, as well the firefights it kinda disrupts the fun when you shoot someone only for his corpse to start shooting at you...
With the price its more like Oculus no
I didn't understand most of the stuff you said but good fucking job man, really.
You know I heard that sea shanty 2 asap
The bird tier list. Make it happen.
My dear Mario,what have they done to you
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
i managed to find it thanks
5:31 Bowl of Petunias !
It doesnt work
shit episode
I guess Doom CAN run on anything...huh..
Honey badgers!
Hay mat pat remember blood brothers
Wanna do rodents?
Wait..so you're tellin me... They finally listened to us??
Cappy: Mario, aren't we suppose tobe saving Pea- Mario: HUSH I WANT TO BE A SMOOTH CRIMINAL! Cappy: *sigh*
The last two seasons were fucking AMAZING I don't care what anyone says. I hope they continue in that vein, I'm so excited to see what they come up with this season :)
Your work is so good and very appreciated.
Tell me why the guy at the end sounds like he is wearing a retainer.
Snorlax is gonna kill us all ... right?
$200?! I'm actually excited to get this
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtZyn-07DY-iScwfHkrzKFQ
#35 on trending congrats
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
Is that amalgamation 2 in the outro!?
Hey, um, microverse server player here (tuberculosis, yes I hated the antibiotics buff humans got), and I was wondering if the virus class is actually playable? I see them everywhere but they don't appear in the character creation menu. Are they even a playable class?
I'm honestly floored at this musical actually made it to France as *the official TV advertisement.*
it's not north or south dakota, or montana, or literally anywhere you listed because none of those places are the WEST.
VR is a disaster
LEMON SHARK
Here before this blows up, it's only a matter of time. This looks awesome, but please, please, PLEASE don't make a bad game adaptation! We all want to see a good quality game and not something rushed and thrown together just to earn some quick money.
Please do a build guide on apes.
Play Mario without breaking any laws
30 seconds thats not a lot i would love to have a good 10-20 miniutes
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
Is there a reason as to why this only happens on PC and not console?
So when does full-dive virtual reality release?
I like it more than other!
... I smell deadly entertainment
Is there any risk in doing this on the European SNES mini guys?
face reveal?
Ocuckulus
I think of all soviet block countries Poland was in best gaming shape.
Watch my YouTube videos
And Bethesda again shows itself to be better than E.A
where is geonsis bf2 is missing best map
Runescape is dead. But i just heard old school is coming to mobile this Christmas
O mais impressionante  ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrrio, provavelmente com auxlio de um espelho. Que cordenao impecvel!
Wow Nice update.
I'm worried Nintendo is slowly turning into Microsoft
0:21 look at Marios hair so detailed \n\nIs Mario old???
Wow Nintendo nice call
Says dogs are the top of the meta\n\nGoes on to explain how cats are actually the top of the meta, while dogs are the strongest class.
Could you make a video about the players in Australia? They seem brutal AF
I really appreciate the 8-bit horror music.
Please be real.
Frankie Muniz is the man! I hope he wins he's always been a cool guy and never let the fame go to his head
Wait, what? This doesn't work for ALL Switch games?! C'mon, Nintendo... :'(
I don't remember if you talked about the blue shark and if you did not what would they be
I'm interested in your opinion of the viability of the blue ringed octopus build
OMG another political crap season smh now that South Park is down hill all animated entertainment has been tainted and overdone
Dear Nintendo.I got some great ideas for the Nintendo switch updates!!!Can you guys please add a built in mic in the switch or allow any gaming headset to the switch instead of the awkward phone cables chat thing. voice chat would be easier. Also take off friend codes!it's annoying typing in codes just to get a friend. Also please don't make us pay to play online. And maybe add parties to the switch. parties are group of friends that can chat together. You can invite friends or allow friends of friends to join,also allow the host of the party to kick out others that are In the party. Last but not least allow players to stream on the Nintendo switch.
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
Would PewDiePie approve? \nEveryone, please watch my tiny nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
Damn!! Witney's dad is awfully young!!
I'm Mexican and i love the Mexican Mario.
Shigeru Miyamoto is a living legend, with so many amazing titles like Mario and Zelda under his belt. He should be considered a national treasure man!
Not that your work isn't noted, but Clone Hero is a thing, which virtually makes this a pointless journey. :/
I want count dooku in here as well
It's looks amazing but how dare they say that this is a Star Wars experience like none other. I think you're forgetting about another Star Wars battlefront 2.
You're the best!\n\nIs there a reason there aren't simple scripts to get past Securom's obfusicating? If it's always the same pattern like you described, why can't you just have something go through the data and get rid of extra functions and the like?
I got dee oculus and what's the difference?
It's easy to laugh when they have no idea of the context. When Nintendo released the NES Classic, many stores were only given about 4 or so and then they never got any more. Most of them ended up being bought by scalpers who wanted to turn a profit, meaning a tremendous amount of people who wanted the system never got the chance to buy one, especially after Nintendo announced they were cancelling their run of the system. It's only natural to assume the same would happen here seeing as that's just how Nintendo has been running their ship for a while now, so can you really blame these two for waiting for hours to make absolute certain they got the thing they wanted?
What's the background song?
VR thats no longer tethered to a PC will change the game, especially at the cheaper price. Wish the video released some specs though.
Can't upload videos on Youtube. :(
Yay, Doom on low settings and 30 FPS.
 felt bad for my favourite  YouTuber (godson)
I dont have an expensive cell phone and with gyroscope so i probably will get one Oculus Go to watch movies, videos 360 wherever i want confortably. I dont care about VR games either.
What's the music playing in the background?
Dude, you're a wizard!
Well deserved laugh.
I hope we get to play the riverboat robbery massacre that is hinted at so many times in the first game by Marston.\n **Spoiler for Red Dead Redemption 1**\n\nThis is when the group split pretty much, or at very least list some ppl incl. leaving Marston for dead.   I'm really hoping the the line said in the 1st trailer is Morgan telling Marston basically if it all goes wrong just turn and don't look back, maybe even that's said right before the riverboat heist is about to go down.  \n\nAnyways so excited, but IGN you guys should do your damn research before speaking.
bro I been knew all this shit
Jellyfish vid? Loving all of your content
i know im breaking the sixth commanmet but where is the 3rd doctor who?
does not work on europe :(
Rey is gonna be the Luke Skywalker from Battlefront I. Except she looks more like a faggot
I would take this as a movie. A Mario musical based on this game. Sign me up.
Im sorry but this is not a hate comment but this isnt eveb about the pokedex its about blackholes....
suppercell.. please I will change my name..help me
#35 on trending gg
S P O O P Y
This is Not Video Capture is Social Capture But Can You Make anither Video Capture Where we can Stop Recording at Any time and Don't Have to Hold the Capture Button and Like Make a Record In Settings or Stream In Settings,Please! I really want To record For Any Minutes
Pretty sure every Poke-tuber on Youtube has done at least one video covering this exact subject matter.
what about main village we stuck in 11 for ages
I know saw shark is low tier but its fun to pvp against the occasional passerby swordfish build.
2:37 that classic sound effect tho.
Yay
Thank you very much my friend, worked fantastic.
God I wish I had a switch
Yes
i like m1 garand sound at the end
D I S L I K E.
talk about the ocean sunfish build
This is how uncreative IGN is
I did all of the steps from the video. But when I go to use my SNES Classic it's the stock UI with the original 21 games. No folder contain extra games I just added
What about Mr.Bones???
it could be as late as june.
Can you plz do a theory on pikmin
So I still have to buy something to record my switch still? Well this sucks
It's started
DEY TUK ER JERBS!!!!!!!!
Its funny because Tier means animal in german.
IT'S A ME- A-MARIO
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
What format Roms are people using? I have SMC and SFC.
Your black you already broke Lifes biggest law
Pokemon Go hype didn't happen because of the word Go. Just saying.
Good
dude do a tier list for bears
I thought there weren't gonna be swastikas?
Bad science. This channel's theory, not the Pokedex. Completely lacks understanding of singularities. First, the minimum size and energy of small black hole are not certain. Secondly, assuming the rate of Hawking radiation is as predicted a 70 metric ton blackhole would be stable for about a year, 20 metric tons about a second. Something the mass of the moon would basically last longer than the current age of the universe. Now a micro-singularity weighing about 20 metric tons would still be lethal if not due to gravity due to the radiation released we are talking 389,740 megatonnes of TNT worth of energy in a second. The radiation would definitely kill you and probably everything on the planet. A black hole with the energy of a kilogram of TNT would have a mass of like 0.05 micrograms and only need to last a fraction of a second and could still harm any threat to its trainer. The question would be how the hell does it shield its trainer from the radiation. Also, black holes aren't invisible more like if you could actually see it it would be black since black is the absence of light. Now due to gravity bending light, it would kind of be like a lens bending light around it but I am too lazy to work out the math right now. The reason we can't directly see black holes in space is not because they are invisible but because the accretion disk is basically generating massive amounts of radiation mostly in the form of x-rays and the blackhole itself doesn't directly emit light and absorbs the light headed toward it so there is no way to see it since the empty space also doesn't directly emit light. basically a black body against a mostly black background would be invisible.  But I imagine like a marble on a tablecloth if space had way more stars and empty space was not black these black holes would not be invisible. Meaning if an entity ever made one on a planet it could be visible and probably larger than expected since while the sigularity would be microscoping the well creating the lensing could be significantly larger.
throwing my money at the screen, want to pre-order, but can't find it on STEAM????????????
Who has a switch I do
Please find one new tropps like mega gaint
ive been listening to this all day! mario odyssey hype is real! thumbs up if you are READY TO JUMP UP YOU SUPERSTAR!
i managed to find it thanks
What's the music they used in the beginning
Can you do an insect tier list?
Rey is gonna be the Luke Skywalker from Battlefront I. Except she looks more like a faggot
You should do a video about carnivorous plants
What the fuck is this even?
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
I can read it cuz I'm magic
What happens if you smash nokias into each other in the LHC?
He speaks to a younger dutch at the end so i'm guessing it's a prequel!!
But yet, how not many people have the switch like me.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI LIVE A LIFE OF TORTURE WITHOUT IT
face reveal?
My unpopular opinion: gen 3 is overrated, gen 4 is underrated. Please respect opinions, even if you don't agree with them
I CANT FIND DUSTIN IM CRYING
DO PRIMATES(maybe include bigfoot and yeti?)
It looks pretty awesome! Just like my UCS Millennium Falcon Time Lapse Build!!!! https://youtu.be/3AO6zDEzHzo
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
Switch underpowered umm nope...
Do greninjas water shuriken
would be cool if you could chose whether you want to force push or force pull doesn't need to be in the game just something cool that i would like added
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
Seeing Mario take over real people's bodies is very creepy.\n\nAnd yet I still love him.
Stfu hes a dankey kang playa thats how he gor it or should i say his mother gave him dat name and he grew his own mustache
Are they even trying?
I DONT HAVE SOCIAL MEDIA!!!
pearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over\npearl feminists are taking over
Please be real.
Thanks, ETA PRIME! I have followed your tutorials for the NES Classic Hakchi and this new SNES Hakchi... They are superb and you make it so simple to follow your instructions. Thank you very much!
It's a step in the right direction, but man they have a long way to go. I love shadowplay so much
It's white so it's smarter 
The episode for the new season was OK but kind of confusing at the very end with Daryl. I hope since now Cartman has broken up with Heidi Cartman would go back to what made him such a great character in the first place.
You're making a big deal out of this.
Wow that's one heck of an easter egg and a great tribute to Iwata!
Gimme a Nintendo switch or ill swear on a Christian Minecraft server
Please do the fake pikachu one that would be great!
Nope cats are life cats help like u said but they also are the only self domesticated animal on the earth aka they CHOSE to stay with humans
This is an app for android and iOS.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bonusxp.legend
Question: are penguins trolling?
I was waiting for a video like this :)
I just 3 starred a base with dragons. The dragons were only 4K elixir because of the event, same for the lighting spell. The base that I 3 starred had 1,100,000 elixir!\nThats what I call a Positive elixir Trade  (   )
Great I'm gonna be builder hall 6 now going up against a shitty th 7 base with a maxed out army
I know these are meant as jokes but they make sooo much sense. Except the crabs stuff
Do mosquitoes next, low tier but unbelievably good troll build
Hey matpat, MATPAT! STAT! So we have the pokedex, right? And we, a ten year old kid are filling it out, NOT the professors so basically we're writing the entry's therefore making things up because, say we see a gardevoir use shadow ball and immediately think it's a black hole?
Jolteon
The time has come.\n\nExecute Pre-order 66.
Can't wait for the next video
PC please
It's easy to laugh when they have no idea of the context. When Nintendo released the NES Classic, many stores were only given about 4 or so and then they never got any more. Most of them ended up being bought by scalpers who wanted to turn a profit, meaning a tremendous amount of people who wanted the system never got the chance to buy one, especially after Nintendo announced they were cancelling their run of the system. It's only natural to assume the same would happen here seeing as that's just how Nintendo has been running their ship for a while now, so can you really blame these two for waiting for hours to make absolute certain they got the thing they wanted?
I wish I could play this game - I only have Nintendo consoles, and I'm not interested in buying a PS4 for the one game I would want on it.  I would buy this game on Switch in a heartbeat.  And don't tell me it won't run - if games like Doom 2016 and Wolfenstein 2 are coming to Switch, please don't tell me it can't happen.  I am thankful you're bringing FIFA, but I'm not going to buy it - I'm not into sports games.  Never have been.  Give me Star Wars.
Best open world game ever Coming right up
godson what did u do
Whenever I press L+R+Start+Select it just resets the game. It doesn't take me to the hub. Perhaps when you flash it, it adds that feature. Normally it does not work in that fashion. Which is why they are pushing those Wii controllers for the extra Home Button.
When they will finally do a new story line at the Eastern front, Norther region, Italy, Balkans, Egypt, Philippines and something involving other nations? It's called World War II for a reason, not American Hero Campaign 23!
It's cannot unsee it coz the cannon being big
I need this to happen

Hey! I'm from Wautoma, Wisconsin and we recently got shout out in one of the videos. Milty Wilty.
Matt and Trey said they're done with the whole politically driven episodes like they did in season 20. In an interview, they said they're going back to the insanity they used to do. They're tired of Trump everywhere all the time (and I completely agree). 21 will be NOTHING like 20 and I can't wait!
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
K
Oculus: Global Offensive
She's so bubbly I love her!!
Wow great investigation
Iconic:v
This looks like a siege operator intro
I STILL CANT BELIVE ITS NOT BUTTER
Doesnt have galactic conquest. Not worth it.
Can you explain what the hell is going on with the great Potoo?
Literally the two most uniformed people to cover this reveal. Gees...
It would be cool if they have a cameo with the squad from Cod 2 Big Red One, still remember Brooklyn's death
You know, it'd be really neat if you made more videos like this. Even tutorials for the programs you use would be really awesome.\n\nt. computer engineering major
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
I was waiting for a video like this :)
Are the spoopy Pokmon in Pokmon go
Now NINTEND since your trying to be like everyone else why don't you try one more thing like everyone else and let us share with people on YouTube
Since you can't upload to gameplay to Youtube then why are you showing us this on YouTube? Nintendo is such a hypocrite
Well this is what we waited for.
Love the rs intro lmao
Nobody cares about VR
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
downgrade ?
It was live now
Would you consider making a video about what would happen if we banned humans? I've been trying to find a server without them for years.
Use Ratata Next time Pls
Oh my god this is so amazing. <3\nA huge kudos for you bro!
She is just a disenfrenchfries black woman whos showance collapse LOL
Another female protagonist.. For fucks sake.
Pleaseeee
As much as this is seems a tear jerker, its best to not open the program as it is a Omamori, per this twitter https://twitter.com/sprsk/status/910295200228032512?lang=en
runescape music in the background, wobbling reference, i'm cumming. I love this channel. Did you watch GT-X? Also congrats on the growth, Jesus. I remember thinking your count was way too low like a month ago, and, well, looks like it's made some progress
Pokmon Go is dead
Talk about the moose build!
Mario can dance better than all of us
How do you unlock the dog class
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
RELEASE THE DAMN GAME BEFORE I PISS MESELF
I'm not too much of the creative type but I would love to see a video done about chimps monkeys and other primates
Some1 still play this crap?
Finially VR hentai games now available to the poor
Mario is DANCING 11/10 video
They had better deliver.
So why did they not make fun of black lives matter? Oh right they are liberals
Pleaseeee
Tier zoo please make an intelligence class rating for us Intelligent builds
Less than 300 likes and 27 comments but its on trending?!?!??! \nOk YouTube
heres the first thing. Pokemon is fictional, it doesnt always need to follow every real life law of physics
Im Japanese
Top 10 Creepypasta Rituals
Dead game
Nigga talking about it like life a game
I think it would be cool to see where ant colonies fit on this... would we play as an individual or the entire colony... same with bee and termite colonies
All of the videos in your recommended vids were smash bros things... \nAre you perhaps a Fox main?
K.O Clash of clash of clans
can we all take a moment to appreciate the INSANE ANIMATION QUALITY.
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
Hey. I wich that any one can help me ROYAL  clash ans CoC after the last upgrading didn't work and i am trying to reach to any one 2help. And I followed the instructions in the help and support even deleted and installed. Again 
I never thought Id hear this guy say Nazi
so dogs are lucios
Ayyy! You made it on trending. Congrats, dude!
*Unique gifts*\n*New Year gifts*\n*https://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira*
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
Looks absolutely amazing!!\nIm speechless!!!!! \n(Like if u agree)!
But rays are sharks...
If this was like last season it would have taken 3 episodes for alexa to go missing.
What do a penis and a cucumber  have in common?\nThey both are the same shape and the both have cum in the middle \nCuCUMber
I visited the museum last year with my college class it was extremely interesting(The pain station was the center piece of our whole time there, did you play it bunny?) but they never quite went into how the machines etc. were programmed that was very interesting finding it out from this video. \nDid you manage to get to the DDR museum bunny? I found it very interesting as well.
Runescape is dead. But i just heard old school is coming to mobile this Christmas
I freaking love Frankie! \nYou know some people are like, 'Don't call me Carlton..' 
coc New upgrade???
Since you Apparently take Suggestions according to your About Sections, Maybe you should do one on Extinct Sharks (E.G Cardabiodon, Cretoxyrhina, Megalodon, Otodus, Hybodus Etc)
Shigeru needs to learn English.\n\nNot saying he's bad
You get a B+ as a mime.
lol I like when he goes to interview the dude and it just cuts off
Great!!---and only 7's from Carrie Ann and Bruno???  Hello???
What about high tier bird builds
Was that captured on a high-end PC? I'd love if it did, but I doubt it'll look like that on my PS4.
Epikooo!!!!!1111
lol Marty was all over the place in this video
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
wow!http://www.ebay.com/itm/253202403957?var=&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
This is really a surprise, i don't know how a system wich can't run Overcooked at 30fps will be able to run DOOM on the go... Maybe it's a custom built, or those Switch are gonna melt for sure
20v20?\nThat's it?
At least Facebook is still trying.
For some reason I thought they meant not breaking irl laws while playing gta
Matt and Trey said they're done with the whole politically driven episodes like they did in season 20. In an interview, they said they're going back to the insanity they used to do. They're tired of Trump everywhere all the time (and I completely agree). 21 will be NOTHING like 20 and I can't wait!
Stopped playing months ago. Had no chance at catching the legendaries, so no point anymore
Huh,,,gayyyyyyyyyyyyyy
The Stasi secret police museum is actually not very far away from the video game museum. It's 10 minutes on the train system they have there.
For those asking about Xbox 360, That console is dead, you've had 4 years to buy a current gen console, no more Rockstar games will be releasing on Xbox 360 or PS3.
Expensive...
LOL this trailer just spoiled me a lot, I just started watching
I only have a Nintendo DS from 2006
And yet, you still cant text these pictures and videos to people on your Switch friends list...
ok 1 i am at 2:22 right now but as we know research and facts can be debunked as new evedence is presented. Things can be thought right and never re evaluated through time as we have seen in history before... that is until someone actually dose look at it more in depth. The Pokedex is rewriten almost every game meaning new information in the pokemon world is found also meaning they know that this process exists and that the knolage on pokemon would be in a grey area untill a set time that they have cold hard facts figured out which could take many many years. also... blub blub
Will i able to buy this in or from Singapore??
When you realize you're #20 on trending, wow great moves keep it up proud of you
This is something that, when I watched, I was surprised no one else had done it better
NTSC-J games work as well, even some english patched ones I tried. However, the NTSC-U rom of Super Street Fighter 2 that I have doesn't boot. The system throws up an error.
Also the link is 404'd now!
Cool gadget
I swear this game better then the GTA series
Can you talk about the parasite vs. commensal vs. support (mutualism) builds and which is best? Also a video about how cows are lowkey just giant exosymbiotic parasites of the bacteria living inside them would be awesome (only doing 20% of their own digestion, are you kidding me?).
Enough of the 2D boring pew pew games already! this is the future! where a massive open world like BOTW exists on SWITCH! Give me my Red Dead Redemption 2, My COD's and Battlefield's Nintendo! and I'll give you my mmmMONNEYYYYY.
Trending!!!! My boyyyy
can you analyze dogs? Ive noticed they are in S tier, but obviously the diversity of the species is incredible. I would love to see the spread between different types of dogs in the tier!
I refuse to believe some of the people in the comment section are just that nave. Its literally tells you its meant for highlights, people. Why am I seeing comments about capturing devices and streaming like it directly caters to and only to youtubers and so on, rather than someone out and about wanting capture a key moment on the go. I mean, as I recall, I do remember the Nintendo Switch being marketed as a device you can play and take anywhere, am I wrong?
I would love to see a video discussing the players that have unlocked food storage on the intelligence progression and how that has turned out for them. This strategy has produced some really cool results I think.\n\nOther ideas I have are a tier video for players who have maxed out various branches of the flight tree, or terrestrial characters that took the endurance branch of the mobility tree as far as they could.\n\nThese videos are a great concept and well made. Hopefully they are as fun to produce as to watch. Keep up the good work.
Trending section as usual
This is what happens when you put two idiots in charge..
Cool gadget
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
Nothing pisses me off in these kinds of comments sections then 10 year old's bragging about how they and all their friends pre-ordered the most expensive edition.  They are constantly disappointed by horrible games, but they never stop.
Add rocket tower\nElder goat rider \nAnd troop cannon
Oy vey, this will be good!
Good but until lightsaber combat gets better than what they showed us I ain't buying
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
I think that even if those mini black holes that Gardevoir creates, evaporates quickly, they last long enough to protect their trainers from certain projectiles
Do a game theory on ROBLOX!
Orgasmoooooooooooooos
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
lel blue joy con= botw red joycon = mario odyssey\nthat would be a cool commercial
Whale tier video would be nice. Killer whales and other toothed whales stack really high intelligence bonuses and often travel in numbers. Excellent early and late game potential.
Van der Linde was a side character that wasn't as important as Bill Williamson or Javier Escuela.\n\nAlllllrighhhht, then...
mario is't a plumer anymore stay up to date\nalso when you said you never knew this.i knew it all you cant read my mind sorry ;)
it could be as late as june.
How about a video on the Yellowstone meta and how it's changed
I love how this is trending with only 80k views.
success
All soldiers of the Empire....\nThe Rebellion has thrown the Galaxy into chaos. It has taken from us Order! Stability! The very peace they claim to fight for has been shattered by their treason. And worst of all....they have taken our Emperor! But Fear not, brave sons and daughters of our great Empire, for the war has just begun. The Rebel dogs think us beaten, and even now celebrate their victory. We shall show them that such celebrations are foolishly naive. Remember why we fight.  Fight for those who are in your thoughts! Fight so that your families may know Order and Stability rather than Chaos and Anarchy! Fight to avenge our fallen, those brave souls now at rest. Fight for every trooper beside you, your brothers in arms! Do not count the days, do not count the Parsecs, count only the number of Rebels you have killed! This is the cry of your Empire! Death to the Rebellion!
This is still a thing?
Thank you great video. Much needed.  We are still susceptible to the temptations and failed promises of socialism.
What's the music playing in the background?
love the games supercell, but plz put brawl stars on Android
If only this game wasnt a ghost type now
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
Magcargo is hotter then the sun.
I have a friend who is caught between a red panda and a raccoon build. Can you help clear up some of the confusion for these two common builds?
Delet this

My game is the best game
I know that this one video is just covering what the description but... gardevoir (in the anime since a player can choose different moves) normally has shadow ball. so its probably referring to that in a tall tale.
Yay
This is perfect!! Now if we could only post straight to instagram...
Maybe her psychic powers can make that the black hole not emit radiation
You are our Demigod of the GH3! :D This really looked interesting btw.
Cue the outrage police who never actually watched South Park except for a few out of context clips to claim that South Park is literally alt-right fascist propaganda.
Hopefully this evolves into a virtual reality game where we end up getting trapped by the creator and if we die in the game we die in the real world.
You should talk about the arthropod guild. the spider and insect classes have immense prevalence in the meta and ignoring them would be a mistake.
Did he stumble at 1:48? It looked like they tripped over each other's feet
Ohhho
I got an update for you, the iron courtain doesn't exist anymore, nice bait fgt
good luck
...but what about streaming/posting gameplay videos on YouTube?
this is 10 out of 10 work. I CAN'T WAIT TO WATCH IT!
Is there no walker assault?? That would suck
I never thought Id hear this guy say Nazi
Dear matpat, Just a quick question, with fnaf4 is it possible the stuffed toys we see disappear at the end of the game are in the box at the end of the game we cant open, if you think about it, it kinda makes sense but i dont know if this has already been covered already, please like this so Matpat can see because i really want to see this covered
I'm not even max bh6 yet..
Oculus Go F*** Yourself.
Switch underpowered umm nope...
nosnipperclips support? come on....
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
Makes me feel blessed to live in a time where I can buy any pc or console and any game for it...
You should cover the wall builds in the current meta. Like how the Tortoise poured all of its stats into defense at the expense of all of it's other stats. Or maybe even a Toxic Stall set like the Komodo Dragon? I really want to know if any of these builds are viable in the current meta as of the recent pollution patch. Thanks!
I play like this on a daily basis.
holy shit this channel is amazing
You know I heard that sea shanty 2 asap
I cant wait to try this. If I had one..
This game looks very fun like it a mixture of games like Sonic Colors, Super Mario Sunshine, and Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild. I would buy it and I don't play a lot of Nintendo games; not saying Nintendo is bad because there amazing be personal I'm a Xbox and PC type of guy.
Wait for someone to get offended that there is no black soldiers...
so I have a question, do we have to go through the same process everytime we want to add more games? thank you for the tutorial worked like a charm!
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
0:20 *your favorite not-so-plumber anymore italian.
2:02 *HAPPY?*
That man with the magnificent mustache is Dutch motherfuckin Van Der Linde.
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
What about adding custom songs to career mode and being able to use career mode if you have 100+ customs
i'm not crying
Can we talk about the deep water server shark the goblin shark? I mean clearly it has the strongest aoe fear. And it is passive. I mean have you ever seen a goblin shark. That thing looks terrifying.
Can you talk about the highest and lowest tier characters?
Answer: he grew it
I would love this if you could play games like Robo Recall on this, but alas you can't. So really this is like a gear vr. Still really cool and will buy because VR is still an overhyped/priced market. $200 is nothing if its a premium product for low-end vr content.
How can Cloth Map be making 16 grand a month to visit Eurovision and you're hear making amazing content like this and selling George Socks to survive?
This video infuriates me so much!\n\nHey, lets make a video about gaming in the Soviet Bloc. Obvious choice are the countries in the former Soviet Union, but nah, F those Ruskies. How about Bulgaria or Romania, countries  outside what most Westerners consider the Soviet Bloc? You just answered your own question! How about Yugoslavia, a sui generis country with a Marxist-Leninist ideology but outside the Soviet Bloc? Who cares about those losers? OK, lets focus on East Germany, a geopolitical region that outside of 50-some-odd years of communist rule in nonetheless an integral part of Western Civilization? Bingo!
I've seen her do spins..I knew she had it
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
make a threoy about how greninja lost to charizrad
#FreeNELK
The next patch, Tremors of Yellowstone looks to be a blast.
Kudos
Looks great! But please...pretty please. Bring it to the Nintendo Switch?
I want to see why wormadons (i think i spelled it wrong)can stick in branches,and what insect does it convey as?
Imagine if Wikipedia was full of lies.\n\n\n\n\n\nLol
30 sec? i better using my phone to record that
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
This video is dumb... like... really dumb... dumb enough for me to think about unsubscribing. Also this video is really padded out which could be 1/2 the time.
people still play clash of clans in 2k17?  yikes....
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
Sonic is crap, I'm still a fan of Sonic but I prefer Mario over this
UAU.. Best tribute easter egg ever time...
Someone please tell me what the fuck this is
Very impressive!
Have you not caused enough damaged a silly white kid jumped over the white house gate to catch a Charizard. Stop it we obviously can't catch them all! Also mind where you place Pokemons like the white house, North Korea, volcanoes, and Kim Kardashians butt. Places like that. Stay awesome Pikachu.
Im so proud of her!!!!!! Omg i cant even process!!
is that even possible?
political randy episode\nsigh
yeah but why is this on trending
i can wait when the day comes time to get Zack Snyder and Bitch Affleck to be in the South Park episode this Batman Vs Superman movie is gone out of control by MCU Fanbase.
#GP8VOPG COC players join us , we are a new war clan
Would we be able to add NES games in parallel to SNES games?
boy gaming in commieland sure sounds great!
do you even dab, super bro?
This video is dumb... like... really dumb... dumb enough for me to think about unsubscribing. Also this video is really padded out which could be 1/2 the time.
Tier zoo please make an intelligence class rating for us Intelligent builds
Could you do an analysis of the arachnid tier?
Do gengar!!!!!
500k or 1 mil why humans need a nerf.
That was so fucking intesting, I'd love to see more of this reversr engineering videos.
We miss you Iwata-san TT.TT\nMad respect for Nintendo for that easter egg!
One up girl (;
people still play this?
How can Cloth Map be making 16 grand a month to visit Eurovision and you're hear making amazing content like this and selling George Socks to survive?
Im looking forward to using this feature. Now I just have to think of something original.
02:26 Chewy stands on a nail 
OHH MYY FUUUCKING GOD ITS BACK! <3
illuminate conspiracy 
someone explain how this is trending?
One town, one relation! Death to mechanization!
This makes my gamer heart happy
Try and stay away from politics, and I don't even care what biases it is, it's still annoying. And bring back the real cartman
OMG another political crap season smh now that South Park is down hill all animated entertainment has been tainted and overdone
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
alligators or crocodiles would be cool
I wrote a blog post a while ago about why I fucking hate video games, because this is what it does! It appeals to the male fantasy!
The graphics it's just beautiful
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
should be watch a movie right....?
Dude said the difference between crocs and alligators is that alligators are in america?
You mentioned Bat builds in your previous video but haven't actually gone in depth with them, I'm thinking on starting one up but want to know what I'm getting into first
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
Both
30sec capture and #30 on Trending
I refuse to believe some of the people in the comment section are just that nave. Its literally tells you its meant for highlights, people. Why am I seeing comments about capturing devices and streaming like it directly caters to and only to youtubers and so on, rather than someone out and about wanting capture a key moment on the go. I mean, as I recall, I do remember the Nintendo Switch being marketed as a device you can play and take anywhere, am I wrong?
love the use of the dont starve sound track
I was bornnn to winnnnnnn
Does it connect to steam?
I'm thinking depth... Didn't know the whip was a real thing for thresher XD
were are spiders on the tier list
Thumbs up for Shiny Teeth
My favorite shark build got the top of S tier!!!! I feel like I won a prize hahaha
keep up the good work nintendo
Good one. Wondering how fashion startups like Dignyty.com  utilize VR to better match apparel  to prospective buyers.....
no sound?? beautiful
Ok, but if you don't have era specific heros, it's gonna be kinda weird and stupid
is it possible for you guys to make gta san andreis for nintendo switch
Disappointed with this game! \nThis doesn't mention Russians fighting for Europe
I think the keywords are psychic power. Maybe it's psychic power are dense enough to create a black hole. Don't forget it's a while different universe so not everything is the same as it is in ours.
So I still have to buy something to record my switch still? Well this sucks
Cant wait to get my ps4
could you make a top ten for S tier?
do top 10 best S tiers in general!
Now we just need oculus go to the polls
They really couldn't come up with better lyrics than odyssey yessey?
lol Marty was all over the place in this video
Mat, the FNAF timeline is messed up, cuz the phone guy in the second says there's no doors this time even though the time era is BEFORE FNAF 1. To be honest the whole damn TIMELINE is messed up. Please theory this, or tell me at me Twitter @DukeTheNuke2.
Your all a bunch of newbs, I main elephant which is a perfectly balanced tank when it comes to strength, speed, health and intelligence. Elephant class should be a top tier. The only weakness to the elephant class is probably the human class but they are too overpowered to begin with in the first place.
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
Cats are more of a jungle class I believe, Sneaky assassins and all.
Look at those shoes shine
20 vs 20 online?? Fuck. That sucks!!
I play coc
Nobody cares about VR
and fifa switch is a fifa 18 ps3 port...
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
Please do canine builds like the famous house dog or vicious wolves and hyenas
I don't say this often for actions made by people, but this is beautiful...
IS THIS GONNA BE A REAL MUSICAL IF YES COME TO THE NETHERLANDS URMERGURD 
Oculus Go to the polls
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
Can't believe dog mario is real
Can't wait for the next video
Dogs are much more work but a better support class
Im looking forward to using this feature. Now I just have to think of something original.
Is this still a thing?
Everytime governments think they've controlled markets, people make their choices anyway. This is why black markets exist.
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
2ds mario's are a thing of the past.
Can you do one on ants? Or just insects in general cuz I reckon ants should be high tier A at least, probably S?
Hey can we get a bloodborne theory?
2:37 that classic sound effect tho.
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT!  #Real
I started as a human how do I restart?
Is that John Boyega?
plzz add builder base war it is reqired for builder base
When people conplain about gaming being addictive, violent, sexist and other sorts of things, I think they are the offspring of those Communists with ideologies that just don't make any real sense when there are so many serious stuff in the real world but they get so offended by works of fiction it is a strange comparison.\n\nSure even capitalist countries got worried about violence in gaming, but allot of those who were worried have deep communist beliefs how everything needed to be done to their standards that were often unrealistic.
Never expected this
First of all Toxoplasmosis only effects a mammal player's reaction to the smell of cat urine. It doesn't effect a human's impression when they look at a cat, or a picture of a cat which has more to do with their large heads and forward facing eyes than anything else. It is a scapegoat, at this point really a meme, which I have heard parroted by salty dog mains over and over again on the forums as the only explanation they'll accept to the fact that cat memes outnumber dog memes on the internet 10 to 1. Secondly, not ONE mention of the purring status effect and it's proven connection to lower blood pressure, decrease heart disease and negate the stress debuff!\n\nGiven that it's been linked to the healing of soft tissues, bones, lowering the risk of heart attacks and improving the ability to fight off infections it's one of the few AOE heals naturally available in the game, and yet TierZoo has the nerve to suggest that cats are not a support class! This is to say nothing of how their rodent catching (which is depicted here solely as a negative) has helped the farmer prestige class and helped shut down plague players by knocking down their host numbers where it matters most, _near human spawn points._\n\nToo great of a deal is also made over the usefulness of dogs in this video. While it's true that they _can_ be used to find loot and negate the blindness debuff, due to their slow talent acquisition and the sheer amount of grinding that it takes for them to attain a prestige class few dog players ever develop past the level where they acquire the bark at strangers and shit in the yard skills. This is to say nothing of the sheer amount of troll builds that exist for dogs such as chihuahuas who for reasons most of us will never be able to fathom, place most of their points into expanding their hatred resource pool and their tremble ability.\n\nI would also like to add that as a support class for humans, new dog players have to learn the housebroken trait where as cats begin the game with the use a litterbox quest. This video shows a plain bias and sadly TierZoo doesn't know what he's talking about. It is always hard to say that when you see a bad video by a pro who's opinion that you normally respect.
HYPE
Ok, Matpat, analyze Darkrai
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
I can finally hang myself in peace.
I like that
forgot this game even exist.
so glad you mentioned toxoplasma. will you cover more parasite builds?
0:16 Super Mario 64 sound effects
Could you do one on eusocial insects? What tier are fire ants? I'm planning on playing as a fire ant colony for my next playthrough.
What generation of iPhone is this?
If this doesn't get in iTunes I'm gonna get cancer in my ear
COC is dead, if you're still playing it, you're late to the party
Boring
the spoop pokemon
You have to pay for multiplayer ewww...  pass.
256Mb flash on the board? wow nintendo really knows how to lowball its consumers.
good idea. will sell
i'm not crying
any players who havent played rdr but likes cowboys?
Love the rs intro lmao
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
Can you do a honeybadger build video. Good atk. Great defense. And even poison resistance feats.
ahhh general tony is not there common
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
I don't think i've subscribed so quickly to a channel.
What would be the best build for dps flanker mains. I'm interested in trying out this platform any help is appreciated.
Awesome video. More code & reverse engineering videos pls
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
Hour long stream just for a trialer lol, just show the trialer
This legit makes me want to cry.
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
begining song plz
10 outta 10 babyyyy
Would be better if it was a half hour.
More like Oculus No\nAMIRITE HEHEHHEIEUEHIEHEH\nJk
the bug was _exiled_
Otters and ocean mammals!
But does it play knack?
PLAY OF THE GAME: Doggo as Dog: 76
So this might be an influence to why Yager made the most prolific anti-war war game to date?
GO? Go where? You're completely blind folded.
Same old
wow this video made it into youtube's trending, well deserved in my opinion
I swear if they don't nerf the Scattergun
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
for 200 this seems like the first true consumer VR for the masses seems to have enough tech jammed in there to be well worth the price
Have you not caused enough damaged a silly white kid jumped over the white house gate to catch a Charizard. Stop it we obviously can't catch them all! Also mind where you place Pokemons like the white house, North Korea, volcanoes, and Kim Kardashians butt. Places like that. Stay awesome Pikachu.
i know im breaking the sixth commanmet but where is the 3rd doctor who?
So....they finally made their own Google Cardboard? Seems there a bit late to their own party, Jesus.
You just never know quite know what'll hold the world together at times.
Look at those shoes shine
Keep in mind, that Densi dound its way to Russia after fall of USSR and was, essentially, a cheap alternative of NES, since the pric of the latter was around 2 or 3 (maybe more) montly family budgets.
What are your favorite builds?
This nigga still want a season 2 of Re:Zero?
Absolutely fascinating. Love hearing history about the Cold War.
Lindsey Stirling and Jordan Fisher are the only reasons I will be watching this season. Top 2 anyone?
Add rocket tower\nElder goat rider \nAnd troop cannon
One of the first
I wish I were employed and not just an intern, to support you on Patreon >_> Hopefully I can do it in the future, you totally deserve it!
Didn't Austin already cover this?
Godson's voice is deeper than before
its that time of year again Folks... where guys lure kids into the woods,thief's,murders,and dont forget killer clowns
Not long now
FINALLY THEY LISTENED
There's going to be a lot of strategys with drop ship..
Bru Im pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
awe yeah
14:36 that picture is my screensaver!!!!!
More like Oculus stop\n amirite guys \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI don't have a life
Music used?
I just had siezur
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
BEST. CHANNEL. EVER. PERIOD.
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Another female protagonist.. For fucks sake.
Thats awesome but still waiting for Nintendo to release an update where they ENABLE BLUETOOTH for audio devices. I want to use my Bluetooth headset on the go.
$200?! I'm actually excited to get this
god damn scalpers
Pokemon Sun and Moon? You could continue the multiple universe theory!
Applying real world physics to psychic energy which doesn't exist in the real world....ok
sydnee is not funny
What the hell is this video? I dont understand whats going on
Overhyped crap like the iphone
Great stuff! Most of my additions worked perfectly! Of my original 13, however, three of them had issues and failed in one way or another (Illusion of Gaia got to the start screen with no sound, then froze. Terranigma played but the sound was completely gone save for a random jump noise. Tales of Phantasia completely refused to load and froze before anything popped up.) \n\nMy question: When putting new versions on there, do I have to uninstall those previous ones? Or do I just replace them with the new roms?
Dog wold tier
Was that Master Chief at 0:05?!
If switch gets doom\n\nOverwatch is a must now.
Impressive work George, well done!
I need a build for a Hippo, and i'd also like to know the canine tier list to see if my fennec fox is meta right now.
Boy I hope its not like Destiny
Good one. Wondering how fashion startups like Dignyty.com  utilize VR to better match apparel  to prospective buyers.....
I believe it's fake
Where do gamers find all the accurate weapons
Will buy...if it's 75hz refresh and has zero god rays! Not holding my breath on either of those!
Spoiler Alert:\n\n\n\n\nCartman broke up with Heidi!!!!
Woohoo Lindsey!!!! You r my inspiration!!!! I expected nothing less of you!!! You danced the night away! Bless you for round 2!!! ^-^
You have to pay after 2 samples, I would know. \n\nPs. Yandere waifu.
People still play this?
Amazing
TheLivingTombstone's remix of it tho....
Nintendo, you guys are awesome! Thank you for adding this amazing feature!
How did these guys not hear him say Always Dutch.
   
Nintendo Mexico please
Dogggggs
Thou shall notdraw lewd images of Gardevoir\n                                                                -MatPat
I was bornnn to winnnnnnn
This would be cooler if you could hit the capture button and it recorded the last 30 secs you just played, instead of recording for 30 secs after you push the button. The weirdest things happen in games when you least expect it.
Here before this blows up.
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
I need this game to live
This is 44th in trending right now.\nNever expected you to be there but I'm glad nonetheless, great video George.\nBut when's next TOVG podcast bruh?
Hey Nintendo why don't you do a new super smash bros for the Nintendo switch and 3DS
i would like to convert my mini Classic  NES OS to Snes mini Classic OS.
This guy sounds exactly like Napoleon Dynamite
its not 1886 its 1889 do your research
I just remembered this was a thing
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
this idea would have been WAAAY better if you could record for at least 30 minutes
There is no fire on their troop level even they r lvo 12 wtf
damn the resolution looks sub 720p...
Can you do invasive species and provide an in game context for their playstyle
Please note (best to my knowledge) that the EU PAL edition of the SNES Mini also came with USA installed games. There are no EU Pal games on the system. I guess thats because the EU games ran at 50hz and had those letterbox borders on them.
24 on Trending
I would love this if you could play games like Robo Recall on this, but alas you can't. So really this is like a gear vr. Still really cool and will buy because VR is still an overhyped/priced market. $200 is nothing if its a premium product for low-end vr content.
i'm not crying
I never liked Mario games and I don't understand the extreme overhype around these silly games series.
Its not that hard to obey the law in this game. There is definitely a reason these people are being complete and utter idiots.
When I get a switch with splatoon 2 \n\nIm gonna capture a video of the inkling creator
Is it for PC though.?
.......this is the future of gaming......
I know saw shark is low tier but its fun to pvp against the occasional passerby swordfish build.
I'm very confused wtf is happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2eSn39vMcs
ok i really wanna buy the oculus rift but an someone explay this to me:\n1. i would like to walk in vr (just move a bit you know) is this possible with 1 camera? or 2?\n2. i saw that its possible to play htc vive games with the rift?? is that true and could someone (short) explain how?\nthank you!
They killed it yesterday! 1:14 XD
Can't wait!
This is incredible, love the video style and the content. You sir have my vote and my sub
How do you unlock the dog class
He got his mustache from puberty
>playing any marine class and not speccing into deep-sea survival\n>plebs don't know about the goblin shark
Frankiiieeee I luv ur dance!!! I am a fan of urs
more like oculus go learn how to make a original joke
Kewl
Smit
This nigga still want a season 2 of Re:Zero?
hi..i copyright your channel
I can't wait that game
When Clair de Lune started playing at the beginning I stated tearing up, god dammit Danganronpa V3
Is trending just advertisements \nOr am i wrong
You've got to wonder sometimes.\nPart of the Soviet Block's problems were just a severe lack of industrial capacity.\n\nAround the time Communism took hold, if you compare Russia to the United states, one has massive amounts of industrial infrastructure, the other is still dominated by rural farmland and relatively little industry to speak of.\n\nYou might think it sad that all they managed is inferior knock-offs of western computer technology, but when you really stop and think about it, the fact that they could build semi-decent clones of this stuff at all was a major accomplishment in it's own right.\n\nComputer technology requires a LOT of resources to do effectively.\nSo much so that the most critical components are the product of maybe a half dozen factories at most.\nAn earthquake in a single country a decade or so ago, which crippled only one or two factories was enough to cut the global supply of RAM chips by 30%\n\nEast German computers huh.\n\nI guess given those restrictions, if you had the connections and wealth to get a machine imported in the late 80's it seems pretty clear to me you'd want an Amiga;\nSince you weren't allowed to have software... Yeah, that seems like the most impressive thing you could get if you had to make all your own software and tools for it...
But games aren't political though.
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
Are the spoopy Pokmon in Pokmon go
GEORGE on TRENDING!?
who's the girl?
Can you do a book theory of the Jedi order book series the yusa vong Wars please its a Star Wars book please
making my way down town walking fast faces past and im homebound dodoododoodododo (hits person with car) um sorry i was listenng to mah music
increase versus battle loot,please
30 seconds wow Nintendo is that the best you could do.....you could do better
roses are red\nyour dislike is pending\nsupercell pays \nto put this on trending
You should do a video on builds like the honey badger or wombat
RDR2 will look and play best on Xbox One X!\nStay tuned, pc to run this @ 0p & 0fps.
Lindsey is amazing !
*pause at ****2:02* im buying this game now
Dutch is in the game. This is obviously a prequel lol
I have 91 working right now except they demand to be in a other games folder in the SNES mini with the original 21 showing. I have to go into other games and I can play any of them. I changed the limit to 100 assuming that'd fix the folder issue but oh well it works!\nedit: fixed, forgot to select pages split games equally superb.+

I WAS WAITING FOR ThIS TO SHOW EVERYBODY MY SKILL ON SPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLASPLAAAATOOOON\nAhem sorry x)
Have you heard about the word?
Welp This show is dead I used to watch it from season 1 in 1997 if that's correct but now I will never watch it again I member (pun intended) when this show would kill kenny every episode have random plot lines and now it's just political shit I thought u said u would end the politics story line shit and the carecters now cartman a evil boy now just a fairy shit bag randy the new main carecter literally and kenny the background carecter u call him a main carecter he never appears anymore u should give him screen time the bus stop is dead pc pricible was the main reason this show is shit if u would have killed him off like u said u would maybe mr garrison wouldn't care about the Canadians and the show would never be all politics I will watch it tommaro but if it's all political shit and not about the kids (like you said) I will quit this show better make me happy from ur old loyal fan from day one who's about to quit this show good day and pls read this ps pls make this show better
for thanksgiving i am thankful for this channel.
8:08 thanks for the fan service george
XBOX IN 3RD PLACE NOW FOR SURE! SERVES THEM RIGHT THO HAHAHA
Ik it's john boyega but is it sad that at first I thought it was KSI?
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Welcome to 2017
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT!  #Real
Yay I'm gonna catch ma boi Treeko finally you guys are the best
Gardevoir has telekinetic powers. Expending all of its energy, it uses this power to SUSTAIN a black hole. Telekinesis is one of those abilities that is more powerful the better the user understands what they're doing. The Gardevoir knows what it's doing. It's pulling matter from all around it into the black hole, thus sustaining it artificially in a way that natural black holes simply cannot do themselves.\nYour science is right, but your understanding of the game is lacking in this case. A little bit disappointing.
Between this and that Fire Emblem thing I'm really liking all the old school-style Nintendo live action shenanigans.
Offline h ya online
The platypus is where it's at.
This is so fun to watch, love it!
My curated game list is ~80 games and even that is a little much I think. I could probably cut it down to 60 roms that I love. Thanks for the videos on the SNES classic.
xbox crossplay, please
This is going to be awesome.
It's looks amazing but how dare they say that this is a Star Wars experience like none other. I think you're forgetting about another Star Wars battlefront 2.
I'll keep her in black. On your behalf Such a boss line!
Damn, this game looks crisp. It brings new life into Star Wars
Hello Everyone,  the Kingdom of Heaven is at Hand.  JESUS CHRIST is Coming! Confess and Repent from your Sins Today.  Give your life to JESUS CHRIST as your Lord and Savior now don't wait Time is Short.  We are living in the End Days!  JESUS CHRIST is Coming!  \nSo is Judgement!  Heaven is Real and Hell is Real.  JESUS CHRIST is your only Hope to Salvation.   JESUS CHRIST loves you. Thank you God bless
You sir are a boss!
LOL this trailer just spoiled me a lot, I just started watching
DER TERK ER JERB
The Stasi secret police museum is actually not very far away from the video game museum. It's 10 minutes on the train system they have there.
pc someone?
Hmm I thought Buzzfeed didnt like Gta?
Keep in mind, that Densi dound its way to Russia after fall of USSR and was, essentially, a cheap alternative of NES, since the pric of the latter was around 2 or 3 (maybe more) montly family budgets.
Here come the Pokemon Go is dead comments...
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
wow!http://www.ebay.com/itm/253202403957?var=&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
bet she can take a potato
Caught a duskull and shuppet today!
What a game!!
So no pc connection? What makes this better than my phone thrown in one of those google cardboard boxes for like 5 bucks max? I'm only here for the mobile VR porn anyways.
i'm gonna be really annoyed if the whole episode focuses on the parents and politics instead of the kids acting like assholes..and if cartman is still politically correct i'm gonna scream
They're milking this dead game dry
OCULUS SUCKS, VIVE IS BETTER
Cats are great as a defense towards the pest players. Not only is EXP abundant, but they may get extra from human players if they did great! They also have the Predator click ability, which increases accuracy. Please note that this ability has to be charged up in order to get the accuracy boost. Although cats may not be a good support class, they are good as a defense class as long as the player knows what they're doing.
They just came out and i have all of them
I think John Marston is the boy with his morning mother
Stuff that should be trending
on my console it dont work :(
Nice try but not so good
There are a lot of hateful bastards commenting here,  what a shame!!!
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I'm Ready for the new update I'm so exited where I can load my builder hall village and look so powerful
Find difference lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllLllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll if you find like please
What seems to be the officer, problem?
Cant wait to play this\nI hope EA makes this the battlefront game we all can enjoy and get so much satisfaction from.\n\n really have high hopes for this
This makes me so happy <3 <3 <3
I seen this trailer
Perfect time to break into the graveyard to catch
This is marketing done right
So Nintendo let's you record gameplay with the switch but if you post it to youtube they take all the revenue?  Nice.
Nintendo Mexico please
The train robberies were clearly a MUST, thats practically a trademark for bandits back in the day
Vr is dead. Stop already
So is a Klaus a real life idiot? I think so. Makes it hard to listen when he talks. He makes himself sound like a retard child next to Galadon.
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
Fun Fact: one of Mario's original names were middle-aged guy
As a programmer who hasn't ever had to work at the assembly level (and hasn't even used a C-level language in well over a decade), I applaud you for explaining this well enough for me to follow along!
The bird tier list. Make it happen.
Peach Princess?
Clickbait.
The Black guy break the most rules . What a surprise
Aye, something else I cant afford....
Wait these guys aren't dead?
Finally. Dealing with the fucking confederates.
Why just 30 seconds?
These guys are such morons. Especially Sliva is such a tool. I can't stand the guy.
What tier would the Goblin Shark fall into?
This looks dope as hell
Cats are the embodiement of PvP players. Selfish as hell and cheat wherever they can. Dogs form thier APvP guild to contain the cats, then get baged by dog catchers. Wow games really do model real life sometimes.
Brawl start
bandz make Nintendo dance baybeeee
are barbarians ever going to be useful in this town hall?
I better be able to kill Hitler
You have to pay for multiplayer ewww...  pass.
Rockstar should use this to make a The Dark Tower game.
I don't like the retro theme of this channel. I feel like you'll get more subs if you update your intro and thumbnails
I swear this game better then the GTA series

Nintendo Mexico please
blasttoys
It seems like theyre heading in the right direction like the old battlefront games.
Gardevoir makes a sphere of intense artificial gravity, simulating a black hole.
Supercell, that looks awesome!
At least Facebook is still trying.
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
fuck facebook
4,5 Million views so fast
Watching Mario dance like that reminds me of Dance Dance Revolution Mario Mix. They should bring back that game it was fun and entertaining.
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  
Remember Steam users, please!
Fox news... lmaoo
ARE MOVIE SPOILERS A DLC?
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
I'm gonna cry, this is so sweet
This should *actually* be a real game.
You can see the constrenation on his face lol
Lovely report, thank you Bunnyhop.
So basically Rick and Mortys vr thing
i could care less because it doesnt even post to youtube, but if they add a youtube option to editing and posting, that would be AWESOME.
is it possible to do this without hacking your switch?
scrivener
2:10 OH MY GOD!!! I've never seen that side of her!! It feels weird, but I'm glad she's having fun and trying new things!! :D
BUT WILL THESE GRAPHICS BE EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE GAMEPLAY!?! :/
Would you consider making a video about what would happen if we banned humans? I've been trying to find a server without them for years.
Got super dusty in here all of the sudden...
I love that Amalgamation remix. No wonder why it's your favourite song.
That's not mario, thats FLINSTONES.
they can laugh all they want but if the news chick wanted a limited edition COACH purse she be waiting in line or the male anchor  same thing just a limited edition doll for kids for his daughter or grand daughter he be in line also. yet when it comes to a console hahahahaha besides this year for the  latest iphone not the X but the 8 no lines yet this November  their will be lines for it yet no one will be laughing  yet i think waiting for a console is more worth it  rather than a damn phone.
So she played the game, but doesn't even know that the white car is franklin's car? 
4:25 HOLD UP NOW
What an awesome ad! \nMy whole family can't wait to play later this month!
Ugh, that toxoplasmosis nonsense is ridiculously overplayed. And talk about bias, what about cats not being banned on Middle Eastern servers?
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
10/10 runescape animations
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
Makes me feel blessed to live in a time where I can buy any pc or console and any game for it...
Will the new episode be on Hulu?
...\n...\n...\n...\nXbox record that
I'll buy one when it plugs into my brain
Is it...is it...is it gonna suck?
It's easy to laugh when they have no idea of the context. When Nintendo released the NES Classic, many stores were only given about 4 or so and then they never got any more. Most of them ended up being bought by scalpers who wanted to turn a profit, meaning a tremendous amount of people who wanted the system never got the chance to buy one, especially after Nintendo announced they were cancelling their run of the system. It's only natural to assume the same would happen here seeing as that's just how Nintendo has been running their ship for a while now, so can you really blame these two for waiting for hours to make absolute certain they got the thing they wanted?
Just let the game die jesus
No positional tracking means this headset will suck
So uh, I don't want to be a wet blanket, but I've been glued to this show for (amazingly) 21 years now and this was the only episode I've ever seen that had nothing funny in it. Maybe Jim Bob, but that's fucking it.
make a threoy about how greninja lost to charizrad
Any plans for anti-meta discussion?
And yet, you still cant text these pictures and videos to people on your Switch friends list...
VR thats no longer tethered to a PC will change the game, especially at the cheaper price. Wish the video released some specs though.
F <3
R.I.P. South Park.
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
Magcargo is hotter then the sun.
Stuff that should be trending
Pretty sure traffic accidents aren't illegal
im crying real tears right now
Yup, cats are the haxorz. We pown your brain. But hey if it wasn't for stray cats we would be plauged by vermin.
Literally the two most uniformed people to cover this reveal. Gees...
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
I seen this trailer
Mako sharks are B at most, They're delicious to humans.
How should I go about building my bacteria class?
First time here and its great
VR is a disaster
there was a morality system in red dead redemption
nice
Can you explain why chickens are in D while pigs are in B? More people eat chicken across the world and chickens also provide eggs while pigs only provide their meat. Chickens also grow faster and are easier to take care of. Also, why are horses in B?
Follow me!
why tf were you using a kart in mariokart wii when bikes where the superior race in that game
2spooky4u
Havent played in forever too many micro transactions to actually progress in the game
Wait, what's the joke?
These guys did not even play the first red dead redemption
Its hard to search for it in the play store. I downloaded it after clicking links that directed me to it in the store. Uninstalled it because im werry of its access.
(((South Park)))
Was that Master Chief at 0:05?!
new theory\n\ngardevoir is an evil psychopath bent on the destruction of the entire earth. or maybe it does this to save the universe by stopping Mewtwo. just a thought.
I run an inside cat and spec into the it lays down and does nothing class
Remember Steam users, please!
Can you upload Nikki's dance?
I'm playing this on Xbox one X can't wait
Thanks to star cards, new players are still at a disadvantage against players that have earned lots of star cards. \n\nAlso, because of the battle point system, players that are not particularly good will not be able to play the game the way they want. They won't be able to easily attain vehicles or characters they wish to use, which may ultimately ruin their gameplay experience.\n\nAlso still no capital ship to capital ship combat like in Pandemic's Battlefront 2.\n\nCome on DICE, all you had to do was give the fans what they want, an update to Pandemic's battlefront games with conquest mode and ground to space combat, including capital ships.
Why is only compatible with 4 games? Is that Nintendos way of testing and rolling out the new features?
Is this an actual game or just a fun little animation?
Where the heck is the goblin shark on the tier list?
It's cannot unsee it coz the cannon being big
Roasted.
Buzzcunts upload so many videos that at least 1 is trending everyday. Get of trending ya racist, misandrist, vagina blood loving, mentally disabled retards.
I am not at all trying to sound greedy because this is freaking insane, CAN WE PLEASE GET DISHONORED 2 ON SWITCH?!?!?!
Cringe Zone Act 1
The cat and dog classes are pretty good with their own reasons but nothing can beat a falcons air strike. Air strike takes quite some leveling up to get but once you get it, it becomes overkill. I like to pair air strike with bird eyes for increased accuracy.
Says dogs are the top of the meta\n\nGoes on to explain how cats are actually the top of the meta, while dogs are the strongest class.
Runescape is dead. But i just heard old school is coming to mobile this Christmas
What place do Fox and Falco have in this game?
I hope we get to play the riverboat robbery massacre that is hinted at so many times in the first game by Marston.\n **Spoiler for Red Dead Redemption 1**\n\nThis is when the group split pretty much, or at very least list some ppl incl. leaving Marston for dead.   I'm really hoping the the line said in the 1st trailer is Morgan telling Marston basically if it all goes wrong just turn and don't look back, maybe even that's said right before the riverboat heist is about to go down.  \n\nAnyways so excited, but IGN you guys should do your damn research before speaking.
Awesome video, crazy amount of work put into this.
#GP8VOPG COC players join us , we are a new war clan
Wow, Nintendo giving something for free. That really is a sight to see.
Most emotional people love cat's in less emotional people Dont they rather the dog. See how I said less 
hahahaha... that was just plain mean.. funny shit though...
Thats so cool!
As much as this is seems a tear jerker, its best to not open the program as it is a Omamori, per this twitter https://twitter.com/sprsk/status/910295200228032512?lang=en
Its not a sequel you ignoranuses
Dick move pretty funny though. I'm glad I wasn't the only one waiting for my SNES classic
PERFECT
Please make a video about rat builds and their possibilities
another update hmmm
God bless Nintendo, man
another awesome entry, keep them coming.
Wow Nintendo nice call
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the ?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
This video has our childhood that we grew up with, will be a legend in our hearts. Thank you Nintendo for everything.
Any way to make this work on a Mac
man i love me some POKEYMANS!!!!
Wasn't expecting that, good job.
Cappy: Mario, aren't we suppose tobe saving Pea- Mario: HUSH I WANT TO BE A SMOOTH CRIMINAL! Cappy: *sigh*
Too bad vr sucks
i think i saw phantom r # rhythmthief2confirmed
I wish they'd do a Stranger Things TellTale game instead
Aye, something else I cant afford....
20 versus 20 wtf ???
Dislike because IGN
Pokemon go is dead
Woow mario!! Yes!!
For $200 I'm in.
This was a cool episode because I was fascinated by black holes and wonder if mega Man 9 black hole bomb would work\n\nCan you please do an episode on the regi trio their Pokedex says their industuctable and is it even possible for ice metal and rock to be so
.
Yoga at its finest!
Please do opossum vs racoon. Opossum mains cant accept the fact that they wasted their points on feign death once humans entered the meta. Theyre just salty because racoons just ks and xp farm humans. like srsly what else are we gonna do with garbage defence and hp.
5:53 IS THAT GENIUS ADVERTISING OR IS IT A RANDOM NAME?
Shit like this is why I love South Park
You should give away for free this game to all of the brave souls like me who bought your first shit! That would be a good apology
REPENT AND ACCEPT JESUS CHRIST AS YOUR LORD AND SAVIOR!!! Jesus died for you knowing that you may never love him back. He shed his blood and sacrificied his life so we can be in heaven with him and the Lord! Turn away from your wicked ways and accept Jesus Christ as your SAVIOR!!! HE IS COMING AND YOU DO NOT WANT TO BE LEFT BEHIND OR GO TO HELL. WOE ONTO YOU!!
He is the OA
well he just ruined my favorite pokemon, thanks matpat XD. seriously tho keep up the good work :)
Maybe her psychic powers can make that the black hole not emit radiation
HAN HAS HIS VEST
look what they make me do *.l.*
whosyscardsysbettersothersgamesysboycoloradvanceds3dssofstsyswaresysforssvresys2018ns2019
Iconic:v
2:18 this part was the best of this dance show , she was so perfect
Pokemon+Undertale+Stephen King:W O N D E R F U L  (Please,bring it on steam)
Some1 still play this crap?
Great vid, interesting topic, well made.Liked, subbed and notified
flight attendant: thank you for flying with us
5:31 Bowl of Petunias !
Basically the game we should have gotten in 2015..
that's not new york, that's montevideo's city!!
*Hoenn Confirmed*
haill to bethesda now wee need fallout 4
Anybody got tips for making a good Skunk build? I know they're not really in the meta, I just think they're adorable.
Awesome video, crazy amount of work put into this.
Pokemon+Undertale+Stephen King:W O N D E R F U L  (Please,bring it on steam)
And yet, you still cant text these pictures and videos to people on your Switch friends list...
I haven't even played it yet and I'm getting emotional\nCan't Wait!!!
When's the update?????????????
Am I the only one who thought persona when they heard the music?
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
I'm just worried by taking it to a modern real world setting it would be bad. Just like what happened to Sonic... oh please prove me wrong!
Can Yveltal actually absorb all life on earth if it dies? Is that actually possible?
Forgot humans another deadly rival
Cats actually make pretty good support for humans. Throughout the game they've helped humans get rid of pest problems, such as mice and other rodents, who try to steal their food. And during Dark Age expansion, a lot of human players would have survived the bubonic plague if they didn't kill cats. See humans were affected by paranoia at the time and associated cats with the supernatural. They killed cats thinking it would prevent the sickness from spreading, when in actuality it did the opposite. If cats weren't hunted down at the time, they would have killed more rodents, the carriers of the plague, which would have lead to less human players getting wiped.
Did honestly never see this comming.\nI think i just came a little bit...
Now I want to see a period film about a ragtag but lovable group of young game devs living behind the iron curtain in the 80s
This is just one of the many pokedex entries you could say the same thing about XD
Avengers: Infinity War Trailer released click to watch  https://youtu.be/40vH-FrgTwk
And Bethesda again shows itself to be better than E.A
Seeing Mario take over real people's bodies is very creepy.\n\nAnd yet I still love him.
I grew out of mario and nintendo years ago, not my thing anymore...\n\n...but now i want a nintendo switch just for this game...
i was hoping for it to be more about the pokedex and more pokemon, not 1 pokemon :(
I like the little subtleties of these videos of his, like when he said black holes suck in the light an image of Light Yagami from death note went into it.
STAN, KYLE, STANS DAD, CARTMAN, ARE THE FUNNIEST!! NO EXACT ORDER.
Black holes are product of scientists imagination.
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
Do insects next, or wolverines.
Nintendo win everythink
I'm not gonna bother pre ordering after the first one. enjoyed it but too many annoying features. Wana see how the reviews play out before spending any cash
Ik it's john boyega but is it sad that at first I thought it was KSI?
Who came first: Arceus or Mew?
try playing san andreas
What is this????
Absolutely fascinating. Love hearing history about the Cold War.
I wish I were employed and not just an intern, to support you on Patreon >_> Hopefully I can do it in the future, you totally deserve it!
I know that this one video is just covering what the description but... gardevoir (in the anime since a player can choose different moves) normally has shadow ball. so its probably referring to that in a tall tale.
I like Trump. No im not a white supremacist nazi or whatever. I just think us americans need to quit being so sensitive. Trump is our callous
Totally natural....DON'T WORRY ABOUT A THING  LOL!  She already knew the lyrics and the song she would be dancing to.
This is the call of duty that we need. It brings back the memories of the game that people will enjoy to play
You should do a Vespid tier!
You are such idiots van der lind was the leader of the gang of williamson and javier escuella, and he appears in the trailer as the politician they thought
Talk about the moose build!
Can you talk about the parasite vs. commensal vs. support (mutualism) builds and which is best? Also a video about how cows are lowkey just giant exosymbiotic parasites of the bacteria living inside them would be awesome (only doing 20% of their own digestion, are you kidding me?).
No one cares about vr anymore other than fat losers who want it for a virtual girlfriend
Lmao teammates? You mean servants lol
Ah yes, lets give people the option to capture videos on our newest system!....except we won't let them upload it on video sharing sites!
No game no hype, those are the rules.
where can I find it and bring it to the Nintendo switch
I hate this builder hall crap...just come out with a town hall 12 already
Wow look a waste of money!!!
I think we need a legendary character build video where you cover Bigfoot and all the other mythical builds. Could be fun
He could be good, but I think he needs to widen his arms movment and slow them down, to make the movment look more gracious...
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
r u antvenom?
DO LILYPUP
NEW TECH!!! https://youtu.be/ctFg0XC9_8Y
**!GEHALTEN!**
Honey badgers!
This just made October even better!
Bad thing is the actual game wont look like this
So basically cats are useless
I love your videos mate, keep it up !
Wow I want one now and that price is perfect.
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
Roasted.
Scum scum get cancer and die black woman. Lol lol
Wait is this about a game?
just wondering, is there anything planned on ants?
When I turn mine off I get a C8 error
Banette please.  Or really any ghost Pokemon! :D
The games dead forget it
You just blew my mind.
Please be real.
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
How have I never seen this before! omfg literally, dictionary definition, of hilarious! I'm in an asylum now.
Those of you who keep complaining that this is cringe, go look up The Legend of Zelda A link to the past SNES Japanese commercial...
Did he stumble at 1:48? It looked like they tripped over each other's feet
Great build analysis!  Going to make sure to show this to someone who is just freaked out by these builds...  But, could we get a Honey Badger build analysis?
I'm a goat build, trying to go for that mountain goat doe, need to level up my legs and my hooves i think, can you help me? i don't really know.
Def need an bird tier list. Really want to see where you'd put an african crowned eagle.
What version of IDA is this?
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
Whether you believe in the validity of IQ ratings or not, I've always questioned the servitude of an Alakazam and it's intelligence quotient of over 5000 (which has nothing on black holes or ability to distort time and space OR....)
Its not a sequel you ignoranuses
I like how he shows eggman running faster than sonic in the intro
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
Very impressive!
Was that captured on a high-end PC? I'd love if it did, but I doubt it'll look like that on my PS4.
I wish they'd do a Stranger Things TellTale game instead
So it's essentially the gear vr minus the phone. It's literally exactly the same. Even the controller. And that one is made by occulus lmao
Hard pass.
A random thought... If Ditto has a set mass(mass can't be created), his weight shouldn't be able to change when he takes the form of a larger Pokemon, then a plain Ditto should have the same weight and mass as a Ditto that takes the form of a Snorelax. \n\nNow Here's a question! How large of a pokemon or object would Ditto have to transform into, until his density, is less than the air around him, and he begins to float? \n\nPlease upvote, I'm curious about this one...
ive been listening to this all day! mario odyssey hype is real! thumbs up if you are READY TO JUMP UP YOU SUPERSTAR!
Shadowball looks like a black hole, but obviously isn't because video game logic. Fake news.
the game did not load after the last update \nwhat is wrong with that ?
This is just me but I don't like dogs \n\n\n\n\n\nI taste the dislikes now
God bless Nintendo, man
oh man--  i keep reviewing this-- hillarious well hhmm so i saw 6 or so games that would be fun to play and replay most ive never played before so ya sorry nintendo  if i was to egt a snes id like to play  5-6 gameso n this system true and some other oens i liked that arnt included on this version heres to a snes mini 2
Wouldn't you be able to see the black hole because of the things that are far behind the black hole?
Hey Nintendo why don't you do a new super smash bros for the Nintendo switch and 3DS
One town, one relation! Death to mechanization!
I can't get it to woek
The switch is still relevant??
Only 4K res!
*I have to play this, thank you for the video because this is the first time I have heard of it*
Also think about builder. There should be one more 
I literally just lost my s*** mr. Hankey where are you when I heard South Park was coming back on right now b**** I was taken I mean the news hit me and snatched my weave away I was like yo
looks like Mario droped the plumbing business for dancing
wow love you coc
That song that played at 8:51 does anyone know what it is? I keep hearing it randomly in different forms whenever I hear something USSR related...
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
Wow... MARIO AGAIN??
This is just me but I don't like dogs \n\n\n\n\n\nI taste the dislikes now
If ymany of you guys use amino you shoukd join my TierZoo community! http://aminoapps.com/invite/SKG2B9PCHH
Looks absolutely amazing!!\nIm speechless!!!!! \n(Like if u agree)!
yo I cant wait for it
you don't even need to go that far to prove it wrong: creating a black hole large enough to fit a human would fail at protecting it since said trainer would just get crushed by the presure
Matpat analyse mimikyu
could you do a video on the spider tier list? and i mean true spiders, not tarantulas.
but what about the massive late game champ the Greenland Shark?
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
You lost me at conservation of matter.
The next patch, Tremors of Yellowstone looks to be a blast.
Why is this on trending?
I cry every time.
Is there a reason as to why this only happens on PC and not console?
You are the Guitar Hero.
And that's why I dislike communism.
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
Anyone else see Luke just make Kylo look like an absolute bitch with the force?
Love it!
This legit makes me want to cry.
What tier is the Goblin Shark?
something my friend explained to me, all of the entries in the poke'dex could just be nothing more than folklore, not an actuality. in the universe of pokemon, the pokemon themselves have been around a lot longer than the dex and considering these creatures are magical, there's a good chance the characters would have stories and legends about the them. sure the professors were the ones to have made the dex, however they themselves never once say they saw these creatures doing some of these really creepy things, and if they did, they're monsters especially in the case of Driftloon
This is what happens when you put two idiots in charge..
(S)ALT RIGHT
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
do you know gaming with kev
The last game Iwata worked on was Mario Maker iirc. he left us with mario maker so we could have fun making games like he did ;-;
Vektor is probably a fucking nightmare to play on expert.
plzz back to my acount plz dont ban plzzzz
DED GAEM
I love you clash of clans
Orgasmoooooooooooooos
Amateurs....
Yea, an ad on trending. Seems legit
Clash of clans e top 10099
more like oculus go learn how to make a original joke
Can you please talk about the human build.
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
Got recommended this...im not mad about it
Literally the two most uniformed people to cover this reveal. Gees...
Hey Guys,\nNeed A Good Clan.....\nJoin Social Arena !!\n Fast And Good Donations\n Continuous Clan Wars\n Free Elder And CO If You Are Trust Worthy\n Must Be Silver League Or Above
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
Vulkan API Boyz!!!!
Please tell me there's pods multiplayer
That man was lucky enough to have Mario become one with him.
great video!
Liked for RuneScape references.
Yeah
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
They're milking this dead game dry
PC please
Yeah!!!
What are your favorite builds?
And then you realize that one of gardevoir's attacks is Moonblast..... throwing a black hole at a pokemon?
Remember that time black death players caused a server wipe for human players?
#THISMAKESSONICLOOKLIKEPUNYPATUTYYYY
You should cover the wall builds in the current meta. Like how the Tortoise poured all of its stats into defense at the expense of all of it's other stats. Or maybe even a Toxic Stall set like the Komodo Dragon? I really want to know if any of these builds are viable in the current meta as of the recent pollution patch. Thanks!
THEY DERK ER DERBS!!!
i'd really like all the plugins and ..everything you have in ida. and gosh, that dark style is so much nicer to the eyes than the default Q_Q
May I put forward a proposition; you shout me out, and I reciprocate (Do the same)
zen-like tutorial.
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
#35 on trending congrats
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
No YouTube?.....
Now let's talk about the worst class\n\n\n\n\n\nHuman,i mean we smart but not smart enough to figure out that we should stop killing each other damn griefers(also human builds have a load of debuffs)
A game idea I have... FRIENDLY CHALLENGES IN CLANS ON BUILDERS BASE... Yes, a friendly challenge between clanmates. The same as in the home town, but only available in builders hall.\nIt will be a good way for players to test their builder bases with friends before taking on the world...\n\nLike if you agree...
Directly.
Awesome video. More code & reverse engineering videos pls
She just can't stay out of trouble.  Then blames white men, of course.  What a racist.
I only have a Nintendo DS from 2006
Gey fucking in there... never got the chance to play doom
Was that John Marston's voice at time :55 in the trailer?  I think it was....  Omg...
damn the resolution looks sub 720p...
Amazing work George.
where is geonsis bf2 is missing best map
The parasite shark is a real bastard... His moves are cheap as hell.\n\n... Little sucker!
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
Good job oculus!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yessssss
are they really calling this red dead redemption 2? :c
I think your video is on trending, at least on mine it seems. \n\nGood to see hard work pay off.
I'm going to CAPTURE myself CAPTURING an enemy in Super Mario Odyssey!
A few nitpicks:\n- 30 seconds is too short\n- YouTube should definitely be an option\n- Why 480p?\n- You should be able to record AFTER you press the button (maybe press the capture button & the d-pad at the same time?)\nI'm grateful for this feature, but it can definitely be improved on in the future
I bet you get this request a lot, but pls do humans before the civilization expansion.
So a rebranded gear VR that works on all phones... except iPhone of course
zen-like tutorial.
no sound?? beautiful
Also the link is 404'd now!
Love her hope she goes far
wait what ? Black holes produce heat ? ludicrous, where do you get your info really ?
Not buying anything associated with Facebook or Mark Zuckerberg
Dogs have owners.  Cats have staff.
This is Not Video Capture is Social Capture But Can You Make anither Video Capture Where we can Stop Recording at Any time and Don't Have to Hold the Capture Button and Like Make a Record In Settings or Stream In Settings,Please! I really want To record For Any Minutes
This woman is a race baiter if there ever is one.  They kicked her ass off the flight because the Pilot saw her as being a erratic fucking idiot that may be a problem.  He has that right, he doesn't have to explain himself to anyone.  He's the fucking Pilot.
It's real and I am moved. I don't know what to say.
what is it
6:40    Is it just me or does that background music sound like Kerbal Space Program?\n\n\nEdit:\nNo its not just me, went further into the vid, MAOR Kerbal Space Program music.
I'm betting and hope one of the  main characters is a the native american with the rag sack.
I love the references to smash bros in between each shark tier or type.
0.57 its josh duhamel voice?
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
I have seen godson on youtube.
God bless Nintendo, man
For the dog you forgot about recognizing invisible desieses and alerting their handler
You can play almost any class as human-support.  I just came back from the snakes video, thinking what about pets?  I main Ball Python, my character is the most boopable snek in the world!~
Mm. Good lesson. The moral of the story is that when it ain't you, it's funny.
Aren't you concerned that the video might be taken down for the music?
ELECTRONEUM... THE NEXT BITCOIN!?\n\nIt's worth buying at least $100 and see what happens. Many people wish they knew about Bitcoin before it took off! \n\nBitcoin started at $0.003 and is now over $5,000 each coin!\nThis new coin is in Pre-market Sale right now through October first. Offering an extra 10% bonus coins with each purchase! Coin sale is at $0.01 per Coin. Goes public on November 1st 2017. \n\nUse my link, when you buy, to get another 1% free coins:\n\nhttps://my.electroneum.com/join/43E7AC\n\nHit me up if you need help getting setup.\nTake advantage of this before you wish you had!
So no pc connection? What makes this better than my phone thrown in one of those google cardboard boxes for like 5 bucks max? I'm only here for the mobile VR porn anyways.
EA......... this looks pretty badass so far.......... SO PLEASE DON'T FUCK THIS UP AND MAKE IT A GREEDY DLC FEST LIKE THE LAST GAME.
Don't hate me this is my first red dead redemption game I've heard about but it looks really good.
So basically cats are useless
I see a pay to play. 
Can you get the game planet caserster
i hope to one day be half as good of a programmer as you
No positional tracking means this headset will suck
Wow
Kodiak grizzly? Best 1v1?
what a likeable,  humble guy!
The mod worked perfectly and I executed it four consecutive times! Thanks again, ETA PRIME!
I'll get it LMAO
As a PSVR owner, and a hater of Facebook...I support this. The more people buy any VR system the more it will grow
look like it's time to kill demons and Nazi on the go!!!
THE LEGEND HAS SPOKEN!!
i hope to one day be half as good of a programmer as you
Due to the overwhelming response to this video, I felt it appropriate to give an explanation.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmkAvnnFICE&feature=youtu.be
I love this game so much, thank you SUPERCELL!  I love the attacking Chinese players and destroying their bases.
East Germany was famous for manufacturing the world's largest microchips.
Looks awesome
im eating cocoa krispies
I'm barely literate when it comes to code, It just eternally eludes me but this video was entertaining and informative as fuck! \nAmazing stuff.
I got mines for 8 dollars at dds
This nigga still want a season 2 of Re:Zero?
Is it just me or this smells like fucking downgrade?
My builder hall is 5
PC?
Daym... the graphics and the campaign is too nasty
Chief, no!
For those asking about Xbox 360, That console is dead, you've had 4 years to buy a current gen console, no more Rockstar games will be releasing on Xbox 360 or PS3.
rhyhorn, how its bones are 1000x harder than human bones
I'll get it LMAO
Awesome
Please say south park has gone back to normal with the kids and there ridiculous antics. Also I thought they would have only finished the episode like today....
Wait, wasn't the original Donkey Kong arcade game going to be a Popeye game?
Cant get the song out of my head!
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
This game looks like it's going to be the ultimate Mario feel good adventure. I'm going to be having a grand 'ole time running around the worlds with my new best friend cappy. I also dig the Mario Party 2 vibes with all the costumes and such.
What a game!!
What generation of iPhone is this?
We tried playing Grand Theft Auto 5 without the male fantasy.
Will you do a beetle tier list? There's so many guilds.
Best in the world 
DID YOU HAVE TO PUT A TIMER IN THE BEGINNING
I know these are meant as jokes but they make sooo much sense. Except the crabs stuff
Luigi god his name from GASP LEO LAIGI LUIGI
I don't get the on the go part?
Can u make it so you can challenge on builders hall plz
Some links are not working, they are cut off.\nAndroid: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ustwo.monumentvalley2\niOS: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/monument-valley-2/id1187265767\nFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/monumentvalleygame/
how do we get this video's background music on the switch OS?
2K views and trending wtf youtube
Ppl will think they can drive with them on
what's the name of the game called
This doesn't show us much about the product
the spoop pokemon
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  
These two are chickenshit pussies. They'll poke fun of rednecks, Republicans, and people sick of this hypocritical racism bullshit. But, these fucks won't touch Mohammed, ISIS, or the hypocritical Black Power Movement. Just goes to show how weak and one sided liberal Hollywood is.
Just saw the new episode im so happy they're still funny and original
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
This was done in such a slow and painfully formal way it wound up pissing me off. You don't have to move your arms like a robot. \n\nThat said, neat secret.
This video is so stupid, thus guy changes the date and makes some stupid moves, why do you dont speak? Whats the problem too explain this..
3:44 anyone else notice that?  still looks dope asf tho
@ 1:21 I wonder if the fish swim away from you
Any noteworthy DLC recently?
nice game but my computer can't handle this (can't reach req)
I already knew this as fact. Time for the extra dark detail about it!\n\n\n\n\nBut accually tho luv ur content
I hope they fix the matchmaking. I dont want to be paired against bh7 as a bh6. Ima get recked every time. And I hate rushing
I hope people support this, I have DOOM for the PC and it was an incredible experience.  And now that Wolfenstein 2 is coming to the Switch, I might pick it up for that instead of the PC.  Nice one Nintendo!
The best :3
I like the little subtleties of these videos of his, like when he said black holes suck in the light an image of Light Yagami from death note went into it.
I like it ... sub
Two people who seem haven't a clue about rdr1 , and are guessing what is happening now it's a clear prequel noticed the moment I seen trailer that's all that needs to be said now we wait till next info
She killed that
good idea. will sell
Here's a Pokemon MatPat could do: Magcargo. Mainly because of it's Pokemon Sapphire entry: Magcargo's body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees F. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokmon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.
Ugh, that toxoplasmosis nonsense is ridiculously overplayed. And talk about bias, what about cats not being banned on Middle Eastern servers?
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
Can you run doom on a machine equal to a xbox 360/ps3??????(the switch)....can it even properly run it with frame rate problems???? And a 32 gb harddrive????? No, you can't....iphones even have 64/128 gb....32 is it????? Thats it????
Damn
Woohoo Lindsey!!!! You r my inspiration!!!! I expected nothing less of you!!! You danced the night away! Bless you for round 2!!! ^-^
I thought it was gonna be like Playstation Screenshare. Oh well. :(
two questions - weight & battery lifetime?
In Maya, teal is the border.
I want to take Yoda, my favourite character
Got me chocked up a bit.
Bad thing is the actual game wont look like this
Does it connect to steam?
Holy shit man!!!
Swastika in a Nintendo Direct? *TRIGGERED*\n\nAll seriousness,  I'm glad Nintendo grew up.
Do a video about the Killer whales .. they are solo OP
wow!http://www.ebay.com/itm/253202403957?var=&ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
so broadway ,so new york, so la la land
Hopefully this evolves into a virtual reality game where we end up getting trapped by the creator and if we die in the game we die in the real world.
Something something swastikas something something women something something hype something
I'm Mexican and i love the Mexican Mario.
I want to know if Matt the Radar Technician be added to the game at some point.
As long as this is a step above phone VR, Im game. I dont expect bleeding edge graphics from a more expensive VR headset, but non potato quality would be nice.
Damn... PEOPLE STILL PLAY THIS?
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
To everyone asking, the game is an app, available on iOS and Android.
6:40    Is it just me or does that background music sound like Kerbal Space Program?\n\n\nEdit:\nNo its not just me, went further into the vid, MAOR Kerbal Space Program music.
No YouTube?.....
are you Scott Allen ?
Roasted.
no sound?? beautiful
star fighter assault for the republic
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
Ha! April fools, you got me
They. Got. The. Inventor. Of. SUPER MARIO!?!?!?!?
That's not mario, thats FLINSTONES.
7's? Wtf do they give bad dances?
Boyega is a cuck
DO LILYPUP
HD yeah right !!..>.<.. 480p rubbish, this need to be 1080p -_-
...but in my heart, I am a gamer\nWe miss you, Iwata :(
C'mon dab
dam sydnee is so beautiful future wife
not sure if this even gets to you with almost 4k comments, just wanne say good choice of music and really good video keep it up
Very good and Keisuke
The Pokedex is FULL OF LIES!\n\nThere was just one lie tho
Woo! Android!\nThank you ustwo!
The Alt Right is the future!
Dude, you really have a lot of talent. As cliche as it sounds, this really has a lot of meaning in the scientific community as it stands in america. The government holding back its citizens in scientific discovery is mind boggling.
I'm really curious about the Abyssal Plane servers and their meta. I've heard there is this weird class called a Blobfish.
people still play clash of clans in 2k17?  yikes....
i used to rock this game on my nes
4:45 very interested in this but I'm having trouble finding more info about having software on a vinyl disc.
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
How much?
uh you werent exact it was 1889 not 1886
You know, it'd be really neat if you made more videos like this. Even tutorials for the programs you use would be really awesome.\n\nt. computer engineering major
What safe websites can I go on to download games to do all of this? I don't want to get in trouble for downloading roms if it's illegal.
4:00 there is no such thing as black light bouncing into your eye. Black is the absence of color, where a material partially absorbs light. It just so happens that black holes absorb all light. If black holes were invisible, we'd be able to see straight through them.
+supercell i have a request you to please update friendly challange as builder base
Nintendo where is internet browser
LEMON SHARK
Hello emo emo
Couldn't the text object pool be refreshed like, I don't know, whenever one starts and finishes (or quits) a song? Or better yet, force a refresh in an idle cycle or something?\nEither way, yeah, that is pretty damn sweet.
I really thought the guy in the couch was cnd
I laughed too
Great video!
I learned all this stuff a year ago I even read a book on Nintendo
Wonder if Gerald will be punished for his troll crimes, in the premiere
no more looking at your kids stupid faces in the car rides home
And here's your 3rd update for the entire year!
I love sableye
There better be a dlc for just dance that has the Mario odyssey song, so I can finally learn how to do the Mario.
\n(iwata) (Choku setsu !)
But what if Gardevoir makes the opponent into a black hole?
This coment section is pure cancer
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
I think of all soviet block countries Poland was in best gaming shape.
Best open world game ever Coming right up
Too late
It's easy to laugh when they have no idea of the context. When Nintendo released the NES Classic, many stores were only given about 4 or so and then they never got any more. Most of them ended up being bought by scalpers who wanted to turn a profit, meaning a tremendous amount of people who wanted the system never got the chance to buy one, especially after Nintendo announced they were cancelling their run of the system. It's only natural to assume the same would happen here seeing as that's just how Nintendo has been running their ship for a while now, so can you really blame these two for waiting for hours to make absolute certain they got the thing they wanted?
We actually have both american alligators and american crocodiles in Florida
Pauline is my new wifu
I expected a different Megapeng channel honestly from what you linked...
omg can`t wait
0:20 *your favorite not-so-plumber anymore italian.
Only a 10 second preview and I can tell this season if going to be great
now this is what they should've done with the first one to begin with, well done EA, now to see the catch
Rank the best builds to troll S+tier players. (pests in the home)
Followed Directions to a T here.  No games are popping up in menu.  Even after selecting (pages, split games equally) No gray folder either.  Just the same setup as I had.  Holding RL Start and Select only resets the game as well.\n  ANY IDEAS?
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
how about a video on the viable bat builds
This deserves no dislikes, omg so much nostalgia 
This will be the best Mario game
$200?! I'm actually excited to get this
How did these guys not hear him say Always Dutch.
Gey fucking in there... never got the chance to play doom
Finally!!! I'm sure this is worth the wait ^-^
I CANT FIND DUSTIN IM CRYING
Can you talk about humans?
*_Drop ship_* to *Clash Royale*\n\n7 elixir\nThrows 5 pack of skeletons each 5 seconds\n1135 hitpoints\nAfter destroying, 5 skeletons and a bomber appears
The last two seasons were fucking AMAZING I don't care what anyone says. I hope they continue in that vein, I'm so excited to see what they come up with this season :)
All these cucks and pricks. talking about, I HOPE THEY MAKE FUN OF ANTIFA, OHHHH BOY, oh blm is killing ppl, but u choose White nationalist. Wasn't ripping on stupid shit the entire reason season 20 failed. Yeah i thought so
Could you cover how humans have become more and more overpowered in recent patches?
My game is the best game
suppercell.. please I will change my name..help me
siema
If this was like last season it would have taken 3 episodes for alexa to go missing.
Hey supercell! when you are going to launch brawl stars for android and for all the servers of the world!!
There better be a dlc for just dance that has the Mario odyssey song, so I can finally learn how to do the Mario.
Good advertising
Probably a dog. Knowing a cat, they'd probably take over the fighter's role and take over the world, too.
It's a step in the right direction, but man they have a long way to go. I love shadowplay so much
Well deserved laugh.
I wish they'd do a Stranger Things TellTale game instead
These are men, OUR MEN! When did you forget?
I just don't buy it. Can't get it to work and it's too damn cryptic.
Whos on team godson
What about Mr.Bones???
Never bothered connecting my Switch to the internet. Reset the date to 07/11. Turned system off and on several times to confirm date stayed at 07/11. Held the damned joycons exactly as video demonstrated. Followed the EXACT motions video did. Nothing unlocked.\n\nEither this is fake, or the person doing this video needs to take a couple of steps back and do this again to show the EXACT motions made when hands fell off-camera.
Looks epic !
Came to hear about the multiple lies in the Dex.\n\n\n\nGot a fifteen minute lesson about black holes and one pokemon lol.
Why not all games are built like this? It has Beautiful graphics, Can easily run 60fps even in 4k and large multiplayer support, and even Doom and Wolfenstein can pull of such Graphics
She's sooo perfect !  Love her so much **^** my queen  <3
is this a joke or is it real?
I've heard rumours of an unknown (?) Tier, what are your thoughts on this?
No game no hype, those are the rules.
I'm excited for this, the game, and the Sims for PS4 though that comes out in November either way yes.....
i main human
30 seconds wow Nintendo is that the best you could do.....you could do better
You have to sup to keisuke hes so FUNNY 
Whhhhhooooaaaaa! *internal fangirling*
Nice game
Question: are penguins trolling?
You think we could either get a human subclass tier list or a multipart bacterial one
Morgan calls the man at the end Dutch Im presuming Dutch Vanderlin.....
30fps lol
What sucks is that I just got builder hall level 6 finished upgrading and now on the same day this update came out at the same time..... why does life suck?!?!
Remember Steam users, please!
I'd love to see an analysis and guide for a primate build
Clash of clans is my favourite game.Supercell can you give to me the Mega knight in clash royale
When were friendly battle come in builder base
Kodiak grizzly? Best 1v1?
and how to connect, wifi ?
This songs reminds me that Christmas 2017 is coming....
Oh boy, here I go catching again!
14:36 that picture is my screensaver!!!!!
Cats have some of the best escape in the game in their climbing ability and acrobatic movement.\nBeing unable to reach the same levels of pure physical power doesn't matter because a cat can simply escape whenever its in a bad matchup, unlike a dog.
donget it, you just wave your hands around and the game starts?
*MASTURBATES VIGOROUSLY*
This is the best video on reverse engineering I ever watched - great job!
Vektor is probably a fucking nightmare to play on expert.
RIP POKEMON GO, DRACONIUS GO IS THE NEW KID IN TOWN
I wonder how hard it was for those actors to perfectly execute every action and dance move. There are some very talented people promoting a video game. Also the design of that Pauline dress was so spot on it HURTS. In short, this video must have been a total pain to make. Not to mention the editing and animation, now THAT'S true dedication.
this looks just like Zelda!
I seen this trailer
what's the name of the game called
are you Scott Allen ?
The GDR was actually called the DDR (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) in German.\n\nPretty big missed opportunity for a joke there George.
Nice :)
i really hope you don't need to insert a phone...
barbarian lvl 14 + army camp = op
Since they're arm most likely banned from using the SS lightning bolts as a symbol in this game, but they were still able to find a way to show the guy at 1:10 is SS. Being interested in history, specifically WW2 you can see that an eagle on the left arm was part of the SS uniform asides from the lightning bolts.
NOBODY CARES HERE IN THE NICE COMMUNITY
I love her! She is my biggest inspiration in music and all things in life! 
More like Oculus No\nAMIRITE HEHEHHEIEUEHIEHEH\nJk
WHAT IS THIS VIDEO TRYNA SAY HUH, BLACK PEOPLE ARE THE MOST VIOLENT!!!????? jk
Works great!! Someone help me find Super Mario All stars and Donkey Country 2 diddy kong. Thanks
Now THIS; This is quality content!
I hope that the scenes they showed are switch footage (but it's probably not)
So... Google Cardboard: Definitive Edition?
Be sure to subscribe so you don't miss out on any other DWTS performances!
This is true beauty.
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Might this be possible, install snes classic kernel?\n convert my mini Classic  NES OS to Snes mini Classic OS
Follow me!
Oculus: Global Offensive
Oh my good vai sair pra androideOAJAHWHAOERBSOSBDHEHJDNDNENFELICIDADES
We actually have both american alligators and american crocodiles in Florida
RDR2 will look and play best on Xbox One X!\nStay tuned, pc to run this @ 0p & 0fps.
As a programmer who hasn't ever had to work at the assembly level (and hasn't even used a C-level language in well over a decade), I applaud you for explaining this well enough for me to follow along!
Why won't they bring back chef...there are so many people that can do that voice spot on, just hire one
They really couldn't come up with better lyrics than odyssey yessey?
Im not buying that crap, not after the first one 
RIP Satoru Iwata
Maa chod
I was watching others performances to see if they were going to use any of Harrys song and I literally screamed when SOTT came on. \n\np.s. I also watched the other performances to rate them not just because of Harry
Camino! Thank God.
Pangolin, anteater type builds
OCULUS SUCKS, VIVE IS BETTER
He's good! I'll vote for him
My name is Juggernaut......................and I ran away today
Hey supercell! when you are going to launch brawl stars for android and for all the servers of the world!!
Well done! As an ex-NS developer, that was a cool trip down memory lane. :) Funny to see how many Skater references shipped in GH3!
Awesome !
Ocuckulus
>playing any marine class and not speccing into deep-sea survival\n>plebs don't know about the goblin shark
Hyped
Wonder how much crap they would get if they had all colored people playing lmao
He's good!
and people still insist socialism is the way to go..
Pay To Win
Yes Nintendo, but what games am I gonna capture if there are no games to capture.
Im 99% sure theyre refering to shadow ball.
I live in east Germany. :) The video is very good as always.
The VIVE is still better though o3o
DEY TUK ER JERBS!!!!!!!!
Great, informative video! In Finland, we also had commodore programs broadcast over the radio so you could record it on a cassette.
The pay to win is strong in you young Battlefront 2...
Admit it we all did this when we got bored
Best open world game ever Coming right up
NOOOOOOOOOOOODDLLEEEEEEEESSSS!!!!
So one of your favorite builds for sharks is the Cookie Cutter Build? Pretty casual.
I live in east Germany. :) The video is very good as always.
Followed Directions to a T here.  No games are popping up in menu.  Even after selecting (pages, split games equally) No gray folder either.  Just the same setup as I had.  Holding RL Start and Select only resets the game as well.\n  ANY IDEAS?
lol just remake the old game with better graphics and customizable weapons. it would sell like crazy
White and fabric?  That's gonna get dirty too easily.  Especially if you're supposed to have it on the go.
I'm excited for this, the game, and the Sims for PS4 though that comes out in November either way yes.....
Are you this old YouTuber called antvenom?
I love the ksp music
Get the peeps from the rp servers over to buzzfeed
I would have liked to see them dance during the OdysSEY YESSY....... OdysSEY! YESSY! part, then my hype would have been built dancing along to the  music alone.
Watch my YouTube videos
I love this shit
If you look at 2:01\nYou know we're getting a hell of a good campaign
hour long video for a trailer thanks IGN
horrible horrible horrible episode.\nwow South Park wtf.\nwtf. wtf. wtf. wtf. why why why are you making your show shit now. it used to be great and now it sucks balls with this first episode. this is the best you could come up with??!? \nwowwww woww oowwowoeifjdjhdkfjsmfidnekdfucksouthparknowwtf
I bet this shit won't have Anakin or the Jedi Temple :/
Malcom in the middle class.
Yesman
Is this gonna be a real game?
So, nobodys gotten the memo that VR is a stupid gimmick? SadX
Wow
I know I wasnt the only one that had GOOSE bumps
Do people still play this game?
0:20 *your favorite not-so-plumber anymore italian.
Just realized, the people in this video are all white.
wow clueless
How about fixing your old s*** before you start making new.
You could talk about why dinossaurs got banned.
Faked for views
 Alt right gotta take this L
Good job hitting trending on YouTube . Iwata would of loved this if he was still with us
He died on my birthday.
Please do a Tier list for Owls
Now were talking!
He seems like a nice relate-able guy. Hope he does well!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtZyn-07DY-iScwfHkrzKFQ
Good job oculus!
Hello and thank you for the work\nI'm currently trying to do it on my NES Mini (not SNES) (Hakchi2.21b), but here is what I receive as a message after dumping the kernel and clicking Continue to upload games.\n\nshell command tar -xvC/var/lib/hakchi/rootfs/usr/share/games/nes/kachikachi returned exit code 1:tar: can't change directory to 'var/lib/hakchi/rootfs/usr/share/games/nes/kachikachi': No such file or directory\n\nI'm on WIndows 10\n\nThanks for the help
Very good and Keisuke
EA should've added Tr-8r as a hero character
Where is the main village update supercell.. Getting bored with the main village.. CLASH ON 
i LOVE this into
Kinda obvious that black tip reef is the worst, and Mr.Snappy is the best\n\nNobody will get this
Trending. Nice job George!
I only care about multiplayer!
This is OMG I love it
He's so humble & cute. I'm glad he's proud of his childhood acting. Most child stars are so bitter.
#Mario
If you're the supposed experts that are going to analyze the trailer how about at least reading the synopsis of the first one on the wiki? 
first time i saw this in direct\n\n\nme:WAIT WHAT
Can you say \n\n\n\n\n\n\nP A Y 2 W I N\nThanks EA, fuck you
People still play this? It died early 2015
The Large Hordor Collider lol
HAHAHAHA I just noticed you are using the Kerbal Space Program soundtrack! Nice choice for a space episode!
Cool video paying your respects to him. 
But what about the cats that work for humans??  IE: ship cats that control rodent populations on ships. Or cats that control rodent populations in exchange for affection? Why would cats bring owners their food? Also, cats were originally a team style build (see: lions). They live in colonies that support each other much like wolf packs.
Ya'll remember Lee Trevino's Golf??
She's really good!
Respect
I just got a switch and cant get it to launch...brand new but it wont launch
my suggestion would be bird builds
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Okay, Im new to this, ive tried (3) Times and Im only seeing the original games...  are all of my Roms bad?
Too bad vr sucks
hi, can you post the opening number?
1889 actually, get your History right, great big story
Fuck facebook, I will not give them a cent of my money. Garbage of a company.
I've noticed in my marine play throughs I've come across supportive microbial classes. I was just wondering at how available this class is to regular players since I've always started my upgrade tree past unicellular. I want to try and spec into algae, but I don't know where to start.
I can read it cuz I'm magic
I love this game so much, thank you SUPERCELL!  I love the attacking Chinese players and destroying their bases.
Dear matpat, Just a quick question, with fnaf4 is it possible the stuffed toys we see disappear at the end of the game are in the box at the end of the game we cant open, if you think about it, it kinda makes sense but i dont know if this has already been covered already, please like this so Matpat can see because i really want to see this covered
Holy moly can you speak or not?
i want to play clash of c;lan
flight attendant: thank you for flying with us
I wish there was more content on YouTube like this.
I love it
Objective and critical analyses on the domesticated or trained pets.
mario it trash \nsonic is love
really sad that iwata had to die before this masterpiece came along\nthanks iwata, see you next game.
Perfect
#Mario
Frankie looks amazing!
Please don't Fast Update we can't Manage it please!
I havent watched the show in so long and have forgotten how tough these judges can be! They should have got 8s across the board.
Will I lose my current saves or does it keep the original games and saves when adding new ones?
Trending. Nice job George!
Did the developers really think that no one would exceed the 375 text \ninstances? I'm just shocked that they wouldn't check to see if the pool \nwas fully depleted. You also mention that the score itself uses a text \ninstance. So with 260 songs causing the crash, how many had the score \nbeside it? In other words how many text instances before it crashed?\n\nOh and nice job, really informative and loved the video!!
Anyone bouncing on taxis like that would be in jail... just saying.
Awww so cute, love him
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
How will they work shark cards into this...
For $200 I'm in.
So wtf does it do
Rayquaza
Baby shark do do do do dod
This is incredible, love the video style and the content. You sir have my vote and my sub
Dog, if you want to care for a mammal that will love you in return for caring. Cat, if you're lonely and want a furry buddy nearby, and just want to set the food and water out.
Feel bad for the airline having to deal with entitled crap like this.
Cats are junglers or a damage support, while dogs are heavily reliant on their human carry to progress, while when multiple cat plahers have a lazy human player they can still strive and also cats scaling in the African servers are broken and dominate the meta
This is a very timely video, coincides with the game's release 4 years ago.
Probably a dog. Knowing a cat, they'd probably take over the fighter's role and take over the world, too.
I love how this is trending with only 80k views.
What's interesting from both trailer's is the wild life. They seem to have their own eco system where they'll hunt, feed, dehydrate etc. In Red Dead 1 the animals will just stand there and any predators will hunt you and nothing else. But in Red Dead 2 trailer The predators look as though they'll will hunt & kill other prey as well as your self. What's more interesting is the way this new eco system will impact on your horses. Do they get hungry, thirsty or even die of natural causes? Cos' maintaining your horse is a whole new gameplay mechanic not encountered before and will be very interesting to see in game.
I've been showing this video to everyone. I have two cats, and I just don't see them the same anymore. Now I want a dog, you jerk. Seriously, though, your videos are downright fascinating.
*Summoning Iwata's ghost intensifies*
If they make a stranger things game, I dont want it to follow the shows plot. Id want it to be a completely original story.\n\nedit:unless this already is an original story
I like your death note reference
I never watched game graphic like this !! ''O'
Want to join my clan :) Its a brand new war clan!! \n\nClan Name: RPG_OVERLORDS
Looks like mario needs to celebrate first before rescuing peach again XD
I'm worried Nintendo is slowly turning into Microsoft
i got idea for town hall 12 do u know town hall 10 it was lava for town hall 12 it can be made out of water
Can we get spells on builder hall
I'm not crying, you're crying ;_;
This is amazing.
The first thing you don't know: Princess peach is the peach princess.
Do a Bisharp theory
How does someone figure this out
#35 on trending gg
I remember the days of when the horse was way too op. The human group called mongols destroyed other human players using horse players as supports. They were way too op.
MARLO is Cool and Good
So wtf does it do
Lol I love all the references to HGTV, especially Fixer Upper. xD\nI don't think lots of people really got it in the comments.
Don't know why some people complaining about Oculus Go.. This is GearVR level headset in just $200. You don't need to pay $800++ anymore. \nYes, it has no positional tracking, but this is only $200! Santa Cruz prototype will cost a lot more, you will see. \nP.s. I personaly will buy this just to watch movies in virtual cinema. For me it's dream come true..
OMG WTF DUDE THIS SHIT IS DOPE !
Gotta say, you missed one of the best builds the Greenland Shark. It has the highest HP clocking in at at least 300 years, maybe more, they have an anti freezing buff which makes them immune to become frozen, and have one of the best smell stats of all the Sharks.
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
Also are you planning on doing another video on the crash after 260 songs? I would love to see more videos of you debugging these kind of issues and explaining the thought process.
no sound?? beautiful
are you fucking kidding me? CRATES?!?!?!?
Im a adult now, but i cant handle the hype, Mario is my hero
You just debunked your Antman can destroy the world theory.
DEY TUK ER JERBS!!!!!!!!
fake
thank you for finally trying to do something that games have not been able to do in a long time at least for me. If only there was a real game to help drive home the point and actually sparked the interest for everyone else good luck to you I hope it goes well man
Matty Patty you're forgetting one very important thing. The pokedex isn't written by the professors, but by the 10 year olds they give them to. That's why if your character only sees a Pokemon but doesn't catch it only the picture and some very limited (basically nothing) information is added. Its only when the trainer catches the Pokemon that the entry is filled out. Its not lies, but the limited knowledge (see myths and lore) and over active imagination of a 10 year old trainer. I'm disappointed in you Pattycakes, you're better than this.
I had never thought of, or even thought to think of, gaming in the Eastern Bloc.\nExcellent topic choice, and as usual, excellent video.\nThank you for this!
check.  out.    watch.     now.   \nshared.    my.      video.    2017.
Mario= bad hombre
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
Great, informative video! In Finland, we also had commodore programs broadcast over the radio so you could record it on a cassette.
Would be better if it was a half hour.
#35 on trending gg
Stopped playing months ago. Had no chance at catching the legendaries, so no point anymore
How can Cloth Map be making 16 grand a month to visit Eurovision and you're hear making amazing content like this and selling George Socks to survive?
Most cancerous game on the planet
Bru Im pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
This doesn't tell me shit and why was it so loud
And then they fucked.  And it got awkward.
Can you do a video about an obscure prehistoric animal?
All these cucks and pricks. talking about, I HOPE THEY MAKE FUN OF ANTIFA, OHHHH BOY, oh blm is killing ppl, but u choose White nationalist. Wasn't ripping on stupid shit the entire reason season 20 failed. Yeah i thought so
Cats kill ... billion trillion million billion quadrillion million sextillion octillion billion million million billion quintillion sextillion million billion billion trillion .... -illion animals per year.
This is pure ideology.
Is this just a copy of casually explained
That was so fucking intesting, I'd love to see more of this reversr engineering videos.
How the hell is Frankie old enough to be her dad?\nOr was she just kidding?\nB/c, like, he's 31, which is younger than my parents were when I was born.
Cool can I have normal voice chat now?
Lol the DST soundtrack made me think I had left the game on.
Im going to enjoy this game more than Zelda not really a huge Zelda fan no offensive
A fat midget dancing looks really dumb\nOh wait thats mario
Probably gonna be one of the best Mario games in a long time.
So how do you catch pokemons with this?
Supercell plss help me plss unban my account #PP9PPQG8 before the event start plss I will not do account phishing plss please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please unban my account
As a PSVR owner, and a hater of Facebook...I support this. The more people buy any VR system the more it will grow
The episode for the new season was OK but kind of confusing at the very end with Daryl. I hope since now Cartman has broken up with Heidi Cartman would go back to what made him such a great character in the first place.
Oculus: Global Offensive
2:10 OH MY GOD!!! I've never seen that side of her!! It feels weird, but I'm glad she's having fun and trying new things!! :D
Fun Fact: one of Mario's original names were middle-aged guy
So like can I play Xbox?
Pokemon+Undertale+Stephen King:W O N D E R F U L  (Please,bring it on steam)
I'm going to CAPTURE myself CAPTURING an enemy in Super Mario Odyssey!
Kinda reminds me of red dead revolver due to the red bandana that red had around his neck
so the lack of art skill to draw hair is what cause mario to wear a hat lol
See the gameplay of this in\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Z4sjJJnFjy4
great video!
Matt and trey, if your listening, please make an episode about Alex jones/infowars this season.
teh switch has no hardcor gamsssss\nit babby consollllll\nit needs more schuuuut\n*wish gets granted, haters have nothing to complain about*\n....... the gaphics still sux\n*points out it runs on a handheld system*\n*hater cries*\nWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
He's good! I'll vote for him
Gardevoir just turns the enemy pokemon into a black hole, but good game MattPat.
Weird didn't know they were making another battlefield.
I learned all this stuff a year ago I even read a book on Nintendo
Probably a dog. Knowing a cat, they'd probably take over the fighter's role and take over the world, too.
This is incredible, love the video style and the content. You sir have my vote and my sub
Wow look a waste of money!!!
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
HAN HAS HIS VEST
What safe websites can I go on to download games to do all of this? I don't want to get in trouble for downloading roms if it's illegal.
I really want a Salamander discussion, specifically the Giant Chinese and Giant Japanese Salamanders.
IT'S TIME TO JUMP UP IN THE AIR! DON'T BE SHY, DON'T BE SCARED BECAUSE I'LL BE YOUR 1 UP GIRL!
Crystal is very annoying.
People still play this??
Lovely report, thank you Bunnyhop.
Dick move pretty funny though. I'm glad I wasn't the only one waiting for my SNES classic
If you look at 2:01\nYou know we're getting a hell of a good campaign
shit episode
Man.. I can't watch this anymore. It's too depressing.
good luck
LOL at white male aggression.  How racist.  Can you imagine if that was said about a person of color?  I want to see VIDEO of the encounter.  From the ticket agent to the pilot.  I dont believe people.
Thats so cool!
DAMN
i used to rock this game on my nes
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
Niantic pls hear me and pls do something like this, if u guys are making ho-oh an ex raid boss could u make mewtwo a normal raid boss pls not just because he's my favorite but for the people who don't have him like me. Look I know you will never do it but pls just try.
Great!!---and only 7's from Carrie Ann and Bruno???  Hello???
Makes me feel blessed to live in a time where I can buy any pc or console and any game for it...
This is by far one of the greatest tribute I've ever witnessed.
#luigilivesmastter
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
clash of clans full history 2012 to 2017 watch this. https://youtu.be/Wj84n88dtOg
i got a puestion how to get in clash of clans get in private server pls answer me
scrivener
50hrs of gameplay per game? haha, no
Did you steal this video as well?
Liked for RuneScape references.
I really gotta learn sign language.
What you can play in splitscreen only arcade or more?
Before watching this theory, here is my theory that I really believed for a long time. In the Pokemon games, the pokedex entry that you gain after catching a new pokemon is so inaccurate, it could only be written by a certain 10 year old. I believe that the entries are written by the player on the spot without any prior research. This explains the stupid descriptions like Charmander's tail and the terrible measurements. Wailord's weight per volume puts him as being as dense as hot air balloon.
Someone I know was recommended to watch this video. Hence, I am watching this shit and cant believe you already have 175k subs.
where can I find it and bring it to the Nintendo switch
DAS YUDEN \nGAS \nGAS\nGAS
Does this mean you wont take peoples money from posting gameplay videos or nah
When will the time travellers come in and give the US the exo suits
2:29 You just cant have nice things
I dont have an expensive cell phone and with gyroscope so i probably will get one Oculus Go to watch movies, videos 360 wherever i want confortably. I dont care about VR games either.
All my buildings is max and my builder hall and im waiting for the new one I've been spending my gems and I have now 1001 gems
Talk about the platypus (also I think you could revisit this topic)
14 MORE DAYS!!1!
It looks pretty awesome! Just like my UCS Millennium Falcon Time Lapse Build!!!! https://youtu.be/3AO6zDEzHzo
Your work is so good and very appreciated.
thank you for posting this.
zen-like tutorial.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! No fucking way... How?! I mean... HOW?!
If you don't have a true understanding of the switches power. Just save your ignorant comments. The switch is slot stronger than alot of you realize.
I need this game to live
What does Morgan say to the guy at the beginning when he tastes the food cooked in the camp?
Amateurs....
Dude let it go... It died faster than a guy with malaria,  AIDS,  and terminal cancer.
After watching the new episode.... I can say south park is dead! For fuck sake; what happened guys.
Nice work!
I main oxpecker and my hippo is the best tank and support so kys I don't agree so I have the rights to destroy your self esteem. Also, can u do a video just talking about the Tier because sometimes I get confused
finally... we have SWASTIKAS
So it's essentially the gear vr minus the phone. It's literally exactly the same. Even the controller. And that one is made by occulus lmao
How did these guys not hear him say Always Dutch.
Let's go Nikki!
Why does the m1 Garand sound like a laser 
how about a vid on the pros and cons of a specialized scavenger build?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
OMG IS THAT INTRO SONG SHINY TEETH AND ME FROM FAIRLY ODD PARENTS!!!???
uhhh question: what if gardevoir could compress the mass of something small (similar mass to a bullet) inside the danger whatever it may be?\nsure it would quickly evaporate but in the fraction of a second that it would exist it could burn the danger away (altough I know nothing about black holes so maybe I'm wrong)\nor I don't know... gardevoir could compress THE DANGER ITSELF! once again it would evaporate, but that would work in the trainner's favor would it not?
0:11wait thats not a builder hall 7
Find difference lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllLllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll if you find like please
Doom's online mode is dead : /
The eeveelutions if that's haw u spell it 
I loved Frankie when I was younger he was always my fav actor to watch now I'm 16 about to be 17 in a month and I still remember him as my first crush and he danced to Harry's song now I'm honestly going to die a happy girl
Directly to you!\nChoku setsu!
Who plays this anymore?? 
Pay To Win
Oy vey, this will be good!
I'm playing this on Xbox one X can't wait
The guy in line lol he turn in to a meme
Why is this on trending
I swear this game better then the GTA series
Literally the two most uniformed people to cover this reveal. Gees...
I'm playing this on Xbox one X can't wait
Wait so you can't do this if you've connected to the internet before?
So....they finally made their own Google Cardboard? Seems there a bit late to their own party, Jesus.
Ironic that the cookiecutter shark is such a unique build.
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
In German: Bei mir klappt's nicht!
Question: are penguins trolling?
First of all Toxoplasmosis only effects a mammal player's reaction to the smell of cat urine. It doesn't effect a human's impression when they look at a cat, or a picture of a cat which has more to do with their large heads and forward facing eyes than anything else. It is a scapegoat, at this point really a meme, which I have heard parroted by salty dog mains over and over again on the forums as the only explanation they'll accept to the fact that cat memes outnumber dog memes on the internet 10 to 1. Secondly, not ONE mention of the purring status effect and it's proven connection to lower blood pressure, decrease heart disease and negate the stress debuff!\n\nGiven that it's been linked to the healing of soft tissues, bones, lowering the risk of heart attacks and improving the ability to fight off infections it's one of the few AOE heals naturally available in the game, and yet TierZoo has the nerve to suggest that cats are not a support class! This is to say nothing of how their rodent catching (which is depicted here solely as a negative) has helped the farmer prestige class and helped shut down plague players by knocking down their host numbers where it matters most, _near human spawn points._\n\nToo great of a deal is also made over the usefulness of dogs in this video. While it's true that they _can_ be used to find loot and negate the blindness debuff, due to their slow talent acquisition and the sheer amount of grinding that it takes for them to attain a prestige class few dog players ever develop past the level where they acquire the bark at strangers and shit in the yard skills. This is to say nothing of the sheer amount of troll builds that exist for dogs such as chihuahuas who for reasons most of us will never be able to fathom, place most of their points into expanding their hatred resource pool and their tremble ability.\n\nI would also like to add that as a support class for humans, new dog players have to learn the housebroken trait where as cats begin the game with the use a litterbox quest. This video shows a plain bias and sadly TierZoo doesn't know what he's talking about. It is always hard to say that when you see a bad video by a pro who's opinion that you normally respect.
People still play this shitty game?
Yellow fever Parker & (((Stone))) revealed who they really are politically with lousy season 20, which lets us know which side they'll shit on over Charlottesville, so fuck 'em. But I'll still watch The Cartman Show.
Looking like mafia 3 especially with them swamplands, wheres the desert?
Don't hate me this is my first red dead redemption game I've heard about but it looks really good.
Could you cover how humans have become more and more overpowered in recent patches?
What's the background song?
Do another Clash a Rama but about P.E.K.K.A and mini P.E.K.K.A agruing about who's better
Yellow fever Parker & (((Stone))) revealed who they really are politically with lousy season 20, which lets us know which side they'll shit on over Charlottesville, so fuck 'em. But I'll still watch The Cartman Show.
WTF? there wasn't sound!
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
I believe it's fake
I have the weirdest Boner right now
Are you going to make legend of Zelda again
Karl Marx Ave. ah Soviet Union
Jump man Jump man Jump man that boy up to somethin
Its not a sequel you ignoranuses
Eastern European countries actually were making imitations of zx spectrum (commodore) and we had them all over the USSR in the 80s. We had all the games on pirated cassette tapes sold all over the street markets.
A feeble attempt of making the game popular which will only last for about 3 weeks before it dies once again.
god damn scalpers
for thanksgiving i am thankful for this channel.
Aren't you concerned that the video might be taken down for the music?
Good one. Wondering how fashion startups like Dignyty.com  utilize VR to better match apparel  to prospective buyers.....
Yay
just saw that jimmy kimmel picked derek fisher to win----don't think so!!---lindsey and mark to win!!!
Wow I want one now and that price is perfect.
That was so fucking intesting, I'd love to see more of this reversr engineering videos.
White and fabric?  That's gonna get dirty too easily.  Especially if you're supposed to have it on the go.
Great video thank you
Also Frankie did so good
GO? Go where? You're completely blind folded.
Yes but magic and stuff
Thank you for actually making a good video
But rays are sharks...
Yes! Tomorrow night! 
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
Just let the game die jesus
Not feeling that 3D boxart. Pic is too skewed. Looks like when self publishing authors use that program to make their ebook cover to look like a physical hard cover book.  Not a criticism of ETA, just expressing an opinion. Thanks for the upload.
Thank you for everything - Exile. We all love you, I mean it. <3
Ready player one
Most of these 14 characters and some maps will be reused ones from previous games. smh. Anyone who preorders this, have fun with your rehashed game.
Don't buy this rubbish
i don't believe in the conspiracy, it might play a small part  but its probably cats because tribes helped them cause the kill mice that eat grain, so they were a support class but not any more.
The video is pretty fitting, considering Mario Odyssey comes out in a week. It's hype!
Will buy...if it's 75hz refresh and has zero god rays! Not holding my breath on either of those!
just wondering, is there anything planned on ants?
I saw swastikas like if u saw them
no more looking at your kids stupid faces in the car rides home
I can't get it to woek
holy mario
Great videos! Can you make a banned tier list video?
Wish somebody would make full,and good scrapers
It is shocking that East Germany were way behind Poland (my homeland country neighboring with former East Germany) in video games field. In Poland were not produced home computers in late 80' nevertheless they were imported from West Germany (Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum and later Amiga). At these times on flea markets you could get many games (of course pirated but back then in Poland were not defined anti-piracy law) therefore we could play many different games from the west. In Poland video game consoles became popular in early 90' when communism was overthrown and one of Polish company imported Taiwan famiclones (Famicom/NES clone) known today as Pegasus. To be honest I miss these days, it was really good times.
Yo, Bio major, graduated spring this year, UO, wondering take on invasives such as nutria, blackberries, and domesticated cats (wheres that video already?!?!)?
xbox crossplay, please
This came out the same day I got my oculus rift
Awesome channel. I'd request you to cover cryptids, but I'm not sure if it is just hearsay or just a very restricted closed beta thing. Severe lack of gameplay footage doesn't help too.
Roasted.
How da f hasn't done this?!?
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
The guy in line lol he turn in to a meme
I keep watching this Lol
And here I am still trying to get to level 6
I honestly had no clue which person was the professional dancer and who wasn't  
I really gotta learn sign language.
Nintendo is going above and beyond in its marketing for both the console and more importantly the games and not only catering its advertising specifically to the Western market by making the product clearer, but insuring that whether or not we can play the game we can look forward to its release and share laughs and smiles with people who can play the game. The big N is back with a vengeance and ready to make all of us happy, whether we have to shell out to them or not.
I love this shit
Y Nintendo y?  Never make Mario dance again
lol I/got/a/acat...
Did mat pat straight up call the 10 commandments bull
Im sorry but this is not a hate comment but this isnt eveb about the pokedex its about blackholes....
this reminds me of Unbroken
No matter how good this game is, some people will hate it just because its EA.
He's good! I'll vote for him
magnificent 7 was a great movie
My game is the best game
This is some real games journalism bruh
Does that make the cat a parasite?
cant wait im about 15 years VR is gonna be way improved. And in 30 even more i feel like its inevitable.
I want a stranger things game similar to Friday the 13
iTzU you're so cute. and good gamer. :)
I Love This Oculus Go Love It Hey, Everyone Cone And Check Out The Fastest Dancer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgA7YbvsYoc
Anikan Skywalker?
Gotta give points on that Hitchhikers reference game theory.
SNAKE TIER NEXT PLEASE
Perfect
Now if only we could get Deus Ex Human Revolution on this thing. Don't feel like getting a Wii U to play that version of the game.\nEDIT: NVM, I take it back, I just remembered the Switch doesn't have Dual Screen functionality.
tbh Bf1 campaign is so dull and too fast, i hope Cod Ww2 bring something new to me, my last cod is Aw
I just go the update and I was excited but as soon as it was done my left joy con wouldnt connect in tv or table top mode\n\nEdit: i even realized that I have to update my joycon and it still didnt work
Can someone tell me the theme in the background?
runescape music in the background, wobbling reference, i'm cumming. I love this channel. Did you watch GT-X? Also congrats on the growth, Jesus. I remember thinking your count was way too low like a month ago, and, well, looks like it's made some progress
Are they gonna make fun of the anti-sjw' now?
I wait for the day when they can make sword art online a real thing
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the ?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
Can't upload videos on Youtube. :(
This was stupid
Nice to see Iwata's name trending on YouTube..
there i was ... hoping for a wehrmacht campain.
More like Oculus stop\n amirite guys \n\n\n\n\n\n\nI don't have a life
bro I been knew all this shit
3 billion of birbs
Lol wat I have more subs than this company:0
Can't Wait!!
I don't like the box art
Add the virtual console ALREADY!!!
Does Randy have great temples?
LMAO.. So, it's pretty much like the bible, of all things!!
Your my favourite company ever!  plz reply
Still don't see any Droidekas! The one thing I was looking forward to playing as.....Dam it.
Debunk Dugtrio.
Do a Bisharp theory
there was a morality system in red dead redemption
Is arcanine a legendary Pokemon?
Young software dev here..this was amazing. Absolutely thank you, and keep up the holy work.
This is going to be awesome.
These ads have such an amazing amount of thought and charm into them, they make me so happy
What a game!!
When you have to explain the joke of White People Renovating Houses, then it's poor writing to begin with. Why can't South Park just bash the hell out of Hillary? So many material there. The mainstream media are all bashing Trump, so it'd be refreshing and therefore funny to see new material on Hillary, book tour, narcissism, blaming game, Russia hysteria, conspiracies, pizza gate, legitimate news like CNN going after a Reddit user, going after kids, stalking kids, threatening kids, news are now about kids and what they tweet, and personal opinions are considered news now, etc. South Park used to go against the mainstream and didn't care about the mainstream's self-entitled importance and made fun of them; now, it seems like South Park is trying to make a moral stance, like Kyle's end-of-episode speeches, instead of being about comedy. Trump (allegedly) broke Kathy Griffin, and now, apparently South Park too. That Kathy Griffin's bloody head of Trump like ISISvideo could have been a new material and storyline too for comedy. And Alec Baldwin publicly comforting Kathy Griffin and others who have threatened Trump's death like there's an Alec Baldwin support group for presidential assassinations now
Red Dead Revolver\nRed Dead Redemption\nRed Dead Redemption 2\n\nIdk would have been nice to have a new word, but I guess corporate marketing has its way yet again. Shark cards much
I just came for the living tombstone...
I grew out of mario and nintendo years ago, not my thing anymore...\n\n...but now i want a nintendo switch just for this game...
I don't know about reverse engineering software but those are some amazing video editing skills! :-)
Yay
Will buy...if it's 75hz refresh and has zero god rays! Not holding my breath on either of those!
Nintendo answer my prayers
This is why I don't raid with cats, Their toxoplasma parasite infects the group as well as the main boss which leads to unfair distribution of DKP. Always in their favor :(
Why didn't you show Mario 2 or 3 when you put the cartridge in? The best ones!
You do a debunk on Blastoise and the Cannons on it's back
MOAR FNAF
Oculus Go F*** Yourself.
i would legit play this MOBA
King of the Hill and Animaniacs are both supposed to be coming back...and South Park could be on its way up again. I'm experiencing 12-year-old giddiness. :D
how about if i cannot install the driver?\nwindows 10 i get the message that nes not found
who else is looking forward for this game to drop or is it just me
just saw that jimmy kimmel picked derek fisher to win----don't think so!!---lindsey and mark to win!!!
Iconic:v
If you're going to say that the first law of thermodynamics applies to Pokmon, you're gonna have a bad time. The Pokmon universe is clearly one that fundamental physics doesn't apply in.
I don't know about reverse engineering software but those are some amazing video editing skills! :-)
It could always crush the threat into a tiny black hole
#THISMAKESSONICLOOKLIKEPUNYPATUTYYYY
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
Oculus Go to the polls
The question for which guild invented Bite. LOL you're a genius.
Is the Mantis Shrimp an S tier class?
Drop ship is just graveyard 
But does it play knack?
Havent maxed out my stuff yettt
U r a poo
any players who havent played rdr but likes cowboys?
Good the only good original programming on Comedy Central is back.
Got recommended this...im not mad about it
No matter how good this game is, some people will hate it just because its EA.
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
That was so fucking intesting, I'd love to see more of this reversr engineering videos.
PLZ Analyze Squrtal or SlowPoke
Ppl will think they can drive with them on
You are our Demigod of the GH3! :D This really looked interesting btw.
Does Randy have great temples?
Well, we already have BH8 in private servers so.....
This game looks sooooo good ya see (pun intended)
Why just 30 seconds?
Dropships? More like Dropshits...
yes completely ignore the native american.......idiots
I LOVE NINTENDO
But what about the cats that work for humans??  IE: ship cats that control rodent populations on ships. Or cats that control rodent populations in exchange for affection? Why would cats bring owners their food? Also, cats were originally a team style build (see: lions). They live in colonies that support each other much like wolf packs.
Hi
As a long time rat player, I would like to see the best rodent builds.
what about the god tier megalodon
MAKE 2 BUILDER IN BULDERHALL MEN FICKS IT PLEAS 2BUILDERS
How come every cod trailer that comes out i always end up watching it over and over
The Peach Princess.
Why does the FCC have a say, when will they say, when will you sell. This advert is less than ideal.
Only 20 v 20?\n\nHmm, not sure. :(
Do a movie
Get me someone that looks at me the way Shigeru Miyamoto looks at that Mario plush 5:42 and I'll be happy for the rest of my life.
Do i need to install RC4 or does it come internally with ver2.20?
Any plans for anti-meta discussion?
...
If there's going to be RDR Online I am hoping Rockstar can fix the loading screen times, connectivity, as well the firefights it kinda disrupts the fun when you shoot someone only for his corpse to start shooting at you...
ONLY 3 YEARS LATER, CAPTURE FEATURES AVAILABLE..... 30 seconds
Well this fixes almost all my complaints about the first one.
This is incredibly cool. I always wanted to learn a bit more about debugging and maybe fixing games but I don't even know where to start.
Let's see: 139 for Samsung gear VR with controller, or 200 dollars for Oculus Go? I think you know where your money should land at...
Someone put scary music over this
(DIRECT TO YOU)
I always wanted to play this game on my channel!
Please make COC for PC also
Liked for RuneScape references.
In portuguese Glass means culus. Oculos, get it?!
goddamn it i love this.
SNAKE TIER NEXT PLEASE
What does Morgan say to the guy at the beginning when he tastes the food cooked in the camp?
I'm hesitant, especially with all this star cards battle points parts nonsense, my microtransaction senses are tingling. \n\nThey're using the name, they've got even bigger shoes to fill.
Not feeling that 3D boxart. Pic is too skewed. Looks like when self publishing authors use that program to make their ebook cover to look like a physical hard cover book.  Not a criticism of ETA, just expressing an opinion. Thanks for the upload.
It the switch can run it, I'd like to see it for Android/iOS soon too
Wtf did i just find
WARNING\n\n\nIn the comments you will find:\n99% People writing essays about why cats are better that have also Never owned a dog \n1% this comment
Holy shit Nintendo is back, now if they could bring The Witcher 3 for Nintendo Switch, then there will be a excuse for me to buy a Nintendo Switch. Something tells me SONY is watching and saying holy shit is time to bring PS4 Portable.
So is this using the official emulator or is a 3rd party one being used?
Pangolin, anteater type builds
lol Marty was all over the place in this video
Man I Watch all your videos love them very helpful and freaking amazing also I ordered that snes classic shell for a pi lol I wish there was a super famicom one to but oh well side note I did preorder the Japanese famicom classic super and the European versions so Ill be getting them soon so excited bro keep going!!!
People still play Pokemon Go? They still have not implemented actual pokemon mechanics???
The train robberies were clearly a MUST, thats practically a trademark for bandits back in the day
nice! now i can use it on my drive to work and in class
I wanna see Etika play this on stream
My game is the best game
I read the black hole because I used the pause button derp 
So....they finally made their own Google Cardboard? Seems there a bit late to their own party, Jesus.
87 intelligence for dogs? ..... wow. I mean they are very lovable, but if you look at nature dogs really don't cut the mustard when it comes to intelligence. They are kind of not that high to be honest.
Watching this as a have 1 cat laying on my legs and another sleeping around my neck/head, I feel like I might be a tad biased.
ooooooooooooooooo ton hwol 7
does this work for july 11 2018?
Unfortunately wont work for me. Been at it for 15 minutes with 2 different sets of joy-cons doing my best interpretation of the gesture (and of course date set to 7/11) but no luck.
I don't know how you feel about Zerg builds, but at up to 40% of the playerbase/Biomass, Ants need to be acknowledged
well he just ruined my favorite pokemon, thanks matpat XD. seriously tho keep up the good work :)
bad quality for nintendo switch\npd: better in pas4 and xbox one\npd: much better in PC Master Race
She's really good!
The music choices you used are amazing.
Yes keep going! Sword art online in real life here I come!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEven if I knew it was a trap I'd still put it
Another hyped up preview
Pokmon Go is dead
Cool cool but what's the difference between this one and anyother?
I'm CONSTANTLY getting the error Kernel dumped but the MDS checksum is unknown: f1c07be36baad573d7bc17bc8be22cfa Do you want to continue? I hit yes, and get the same error when flashing the custom kernel and no additional games ever show up. What gives?
I'm glad i didn't buy doom last year. now ill be able to play the best version of the game and I'm really excited to buy and play this.
The bird tier list. Make it happen.
I sure cats hacks! I sure, way to high kdr.
Pokemon go is ded
Anyone else think it looks like Mario is dabbing in the thumbnail with rest of the people?
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
Oculus Go fuck yourself!
Are they gonna make fun of the anti-sjw' now?
10:22, because its 4 O'Clock and im still on my computer and the light of it is bouncing off it
They shoul've been as long as probably 10 minutes or at least have better quality
How do you unlock the dog class
Have you considered talking about  deep sea animals for Halloween?
People talking about free dlc.... you forgot theyre adding micro transactions to make up for that money?
im crying real tears right now
I really hope trey and Matt know what they're doing.
Why
but can you use tilt brush, that is the real question
Woah!! Trending video, congrats!
Oculus Go\nUne rduction de 50 % sur les prix courants\n2.5K display resolution. Hot! Good quality.  \nQuick to get it\nBefore the offer enters into force\n\nhttps://goo.gl/Ky53T4
30 second isnt that bad, its like in Xbox when you do a moment in the last 30 seconds you can record it and your friends can see it. 30 seconds is pretty long actually. Hopefully Nintendo do something along the lines of posting it to your Nintendo account or something and can see it on your phone.
Whitney got ass
This isn't working for me...
I'm barely literate when it comes to code, It just eternally eludes me but this video was entertaining and informative as fuck! \nAmazing stuff.
This is Star Wars Battlefront Two, where wegive youfeatures the originals had ten years ago and pretend we're being innovative
Ironic that the cookiecutter shark is such a unique build.
I followed your video perfectly, added about 100 games and was checking them out and testing some. I made a save state in Chrono Trigger and when I turned off the mini I got a C8 error :(\nany idea how to fix it?
This is getting out of hand. Where ARE those droidekas??
I can trick you\n\n\n\nRead more
Oh good now every time I look at my switch i'll CRY
The best :3
are they really calling this red dead redemption 2? :c
Jeez this video could get you a job! Finding bugs after de-obfuscating code!
Hi
Reminds me of Big Red One a little bit
Always such clear helpful videos. What a legend!
Samurott
soo... you mean to say you actually tried this time
Is the boy in the trailer a young John Marston.? It would make sense in terms of time scale
AMAZING !
thanks man. SUPER EASY GUYS! follow instructions and you're good.
Kewl
Can we get spells on builder hall
HORSESHOE CRABS
So it's essentially the gear vr minus the phone. It's literally exactly the same. Even the controller. And that one is made by occulus lmao
The Soviets were going to make a Nintendo knockoff called the Dendy?\nNot the ?\nI'm not doubting you at all, but that is so weird...
I swear if they don't nerf the Scattergun
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
Oh man, I remember that game.
Talk about bears and raccoons.  Please shit on how awful pandas are
Of course, totally centred around the American effort in the war. Who joined 2 years late, and waited for Europe and particularly Britain to suffer, while the Russians nearly buckled under the German onslaught. Even if the game is set on solely the Western front, where are the British? Canadians? ANZACS? No where cause obviously the Americans did all the heavy lifting. People forget that the Royal Navy enabled D-day in its entirety, and that the Empire contributed the 2nd largest contingent of landing troops by a close margin to the Yanks. At least Battlefield 1 had the decency to show that all of Europe and America was embroiled in the global conflict that was Ww1.
I run an inside cat and spec into the it lays down and does nothing class
Best game war ever. T
It has to be a prequel because dutch is in the end !!!!!!
all dirty gemmers! :D
Hour long stream just for a trialer lol, just show the trialer
Yo, a video on symbiotic relationships would be super interesting.
To me, the cat build is superior because the cosmetic specialization done by human players to them each year has not affected them. \n\nMany dog classes have suffered to their strength or defense stats because of this, and now suffer many disease de-buffs
Wow great investigation
You touched on the cookie cutter shark as a sort of parasite, but what do you think about parasites as a whole? As diverse as they are, there should be a lot to talk about
Nothing pisses me off in these kinds of comments sections then 10 year old's bragging about how they and all their friends pre-ordered the most expensive edition.  They are constantly disappointed by horrible games, but they never stop.
Mat, the FNAF timeline is messed up, cuz the phone guy in the second says there's no doors this time even though the time era is BEFORE FNAF 1. To be honest the whole damn TIMELINE is messed up. Please theory this, or tell me at me Twitter @DukeTheNuke2.
WHAT THE
This is cool but to be honest it's useless nobodies going to use it for twitter or Facebook people only would want it for YouTube and if it was longer than 30 seconds
Yeah!!!
Kinda bummed that the Switch version of Doom won't be getting Snapmap. I'm probably one of those weirdos who really loved the idea of map building on the go.
Can't Wait!!
gen 3 it's best
Bru Im pretty amazed that you did all that backwards honestly
Iwata almost ran Nintendo into the fucking ground
DID YOU HAVE TO PUT A TIMER IN THE BEGINNING
Hi, German here. What do you mean by Hasselhof was not responsible for tearing down the wall?
I see theyre now using II in the title... I think it was 2 before if I can remember correctly \nHey guys, look behind you. lol
 Alt right gotta take this L
You've made a video on the feline mains, now do one for canis mains
*comments about the next dr who theory*
Something on how arceus is the god of Pokemon despite mew being the first Pokemon would be awesome.
Shut up and take my money! ... Oh wait, they already did... Shut up and give me that game! :D
O mais impressionante  ver o cara fazendo tudo ao contrrio, provavelmente com auxlio de um espelho. Que cordenao impecvel!
the channel has already 11m subs the channel grows faster coc is the best game i love supercell
Can you do a theory on doraemon especially of bamboo copter and anywhere door
Is the boy in the trailer a young John Marston.? It would make sense in terms of time scale
let's be honest we all know why he covered gardevoir
Am I the only one who thought persona when they heard the music?
The runescape intro lol
I fucking hate bull sharks!! They always attack me and i am not even playing the shark game.
When you thought Mario and the other people where dabing...\n\n\n\n\n\nTHANK LORD BOWSER
do top 10 best S tiers in general!
This looks really good
I wish they could wait for the non pay to win to get to bh6
Im glad this is SOON becaude my tablet is missing...
FIX THE BOTS
Omg want.\nDoesn't it come out Halloween?
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
I'm gonna cry, this is so sweet
Do greninjas water shuriken
Sand sharks?
i can wait when the day comes time to get Zack Snyder and Bitch Affleck to be in the South Park episode this Batman Vs Superman movie is gone out of control by MCU Fanbase.
goddamn it i love this.
But it does have its own prossesor inside or it connect with the computer

Great vid, interesting topic, well made.Liked, subbed and notified
Vr is dead. Stop already
Woah!! Trending video, congrats!
Thank you very much my friend, worked fantastic.
More Pokemon theories, plz MatPat
cant wait for chrismas
  
yo I cant wait for it
Trending!!!! My boyyyy
Wow, nobody has ever done this before! Great, original content Buzzfeed!\n\n\nFucking cacks.
what about the alleged healing properties of a cat's purr? That's a pretty useful support ability.
Whoa...
UR DEAD JUST STOP TRYING PGO UR NOT RELEVENT ANYMORE
Ardent censor meta smh
do top 10 best S tiers in general!
Does that mean that Rick in Rick and Morty's portal gun has something to do with black holes? Maybe you could do a theory on that, idk.
Yep, they've done it
10/10 runescape animations
Black holes Matter heh Get it?
... I smell deadly entertainment
just wondering, is there anything planned on ants?
I miss COC - I gave up playing around 2 years ago. I wonder if much has changed?
0:18 Actually I do. Trust me, I'm a pretty big Mario fan.
I'M NOT CRYING! THEY'RE MANLY TEARS! KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
Older nvidia shield tablet which is less powerfull(half the ram etc) can run crysis 3 on android so surely switch can run about anything on a fixed platform. Super exited gonna buy both! Allready played doom on powerfull pc but gameplay over the graphics and take it on the go muchnwow!1
this reminds me of Unbroken
Interesting:)
You know, I never believed my friend when he said an NES game showed up when he was moving around his Joy-Cons a while back. Interesting to know it was Golf.
WOW!! What a way to finish the night ! It was, without any doubt, the best dance of the night. She showed lots of natural ability, impeccable musicality and great personality. Mark's choreography was very,very intricate and she handled it amazingly. She really felt the rhythm of the music, it was gorgeous. Haven't said that, she does need to work on her arms (they were a bit bizarre) and her forward lock-step wasn't good, technically speaking, but overall it was amazing. An 8 from me.
It doesnt work
I sense a Battle of the Bulge scenario.
Expensive...
I'm going to CAPTURE myself CAPTURING an enemy in Super Mario Odyssey!
Can you do a video on the Kangaroo class? I feel like its a good class but I just dont know how to use it well.
You forgot to talk about the cats' primary support ability, their purr, which only support builds and a few offensive builds can spec into at all. It's one of the few abilities that provides a heal, and it's an AoE heal at that, on top of its other benefits. It's insanely broken.
Im soo happy right now I cant stop smiling. Mario games are always been my childhood favorites. I luv you Nintendo!
So Securom is the just 2008 version of Denuvo?
could you do a video on the spider tier list? and i mean true spiders, not tarantulas.
it looks epic
Even though Clone Hero's rise in popularity has caused bug fixes like these to become less monumental, the work you do is still incredible. Especially when you have to get around DRM. Fuck DRM.
I'm town hall level seven thanks for the game :)
Fox news... lmaoo
This is the best video on reverse engineering I ever watched - great job!
Lol wat I have more subs than this company:0
I got that hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference with the wale and flower
I love you clash of clans
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Drifloon
Lite
I can't get it to woek
1889 actually, get your History right, great big story
swastikas are back boi !!!!
Man I know its hard work but I really wish you uploaded more, these are awesome.
i main human
This is still a thing?
Bad. Your ideas get lost...
Haha kerbal space program music around 7:20
256Mb flash on the board? wow nintendo really knows how to lowball its consumers.
Do you have to dump the kernal every time you add more games??????
Remember Steam users, please!
So builder tall 8 it comes with a mega tesla and a super pekka
lol I like when he goes to interview the dude and it just cuts off
#35 on trending gg
Nope. Waiting for generation 10 at least.
DUTCH VAN DER LINDE jeez
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
Can you explain why chickens are in D while pigs are in B? More people eat chicken across the world and chickens also provide eggs while pigs only provide their meat. Chickens also grow faster and are easier to take care of. Also, why are horses in B?
Like if youre a seal player
Find difference lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllLllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll if you find like please
i would legit play this MOBA
Wow, Nintendo giving something for free. That really is a sight to see.
Only Nintendo...
why do you have to get sponsored by cnn
They're milking this dead game dry
Great video as always George. I saw a cip from  Curse of the grey elephant at 6:40, did you watched it? Because i would be interested in your thoughts about it.
Amazing move from Nintendo!!!!
Godson still has the best style though!
Yup, definitely getting this.
Oh yeah reaaaall cool guy,  
When doing my one, I found when using USB 2 the Mini kept disconnecting from my PC (right in the middle of dumping the rom) ...Maybe not enough power...So I tried the USB 3 port and that stopped the problem. Lucky it weren't flashing the Kernel. Other than that 2.20 seems to work 100%
They took different Wild West spots. When they came to Santa Fe NM they are using the old building there is
We actually have both american alligators and american crocodiles in Florida
Anyone reminded of Amusphere from SAO
And yet, you still cant text these pictures and videos to people on your Switch friends list...
i would legit play this MOBA
We wont see anything more from rdr 2 until next Feb, March or may be April.
Playing proper Doom while on a bus... that sounds fucking good.
Sou muito f de Pokmon. .... Mas infelizmente ondd moro, s tem uma pokestop e infelizmente la no tem internet... E a internet movel aqui  um pouco ruim
THEY GOT KASHYYYK!!!!!!!!!!!
Magearna plase...realy: How da heal does that thing moves?!?!?
I want to take Yoda, my favourite character
I don't like the retro theme of this channel. I feel like you'll get more subs if you update your intro and thumbnails
Ik it's john boyega but is it sad that at first I thought it was KSI?
it could be as late as june.
I really hope its not all online
can't dump kernel
So when does full-dive virtual reality release?
There are pokemon like yamask who apparently where at one point humans according to the pokedex but this has some holes like how are there human ghosts if they become pokemon when they die?and how do they even know that these pokemon were humans?
Finally!
oh man--  i keep reviewing this-- hillarious well hhmm so i saw 6 or so games that would be fun to play and replay most ive never played before so ya sorry nintendo  if i was to egt a snes id like to play  5-6 gameso n this system true and some other oens i liked that arnt included on this version heres to a snes mini 2
Shit like this is why I love South Park
Are jellyfish viable?
Ik it's john boyega but is it sad that at first I thought it was KSI?
This is how uncreative IGN is
That bee was black and yellow... that bee was a minority!
How heavy is wailord exactly
OMG YES! DOOM ON THE SWITCH!
Watch my YouTube videos
hey, you should do a whale/dolphin/porpoise tier list! i wanna see that sky-high HP whale species, fam.
Makes me feel blessed to live in a time where I can buy any pc or console and any game for it...
I guess the whole land lord thing inspired hotel mario
I believe it's fake
so the lack of art skill to draw hair is what cause mario to wear a hat lol
Now I can look like an even bigger tool in public.
I can finally hang myself in peace.
The main take I got out of this is that fixing bugs without the source code is a pain in the ass. And for that I commend your dedication!
That background music is a variation of Runescape music
When you realize you're #20 on trending, wow great moves keep it up proud of you
 you know call me Malcolm I'll probably respond  
Love the vids dude
Here's a Pokemon MatPat could do: Magcargo. Mainly because of it's Pokemon Sapphire entry: Magcargo's body temperature is approximately 18,000 degrees F. Water is vaporized on contact. If this Pokmon is caught in the rain, the raindrops instantly turn into steam, cloaking the area in a thick fog.
*P e a c h  P r i n c e s s*
DO LILYPUP
I dont understand why human mains even have support classes, I mean they are REALLY over powered. True humans base and max strength is by no means the most threatening in the game but the devs gave human mains a way to high intelligence. Not only this but if humans speck even more into intelligence (especially with the school side quests) they can not only build homes that are practically impossible for any other players besides rat/mouse and insect mains to enter; plus the new Computer Buff they added just a little while ago human mains can practically watch the rest of us whenever they want. What I said here was barely even the tip of the ice berg, basically humans need a major debuff soon.\n- sincerely a sword fish main
Do Arceus THE GOD OF ALL POKEMON
Life is unfair!
This looks really good
Super game torrent game I have not worked for two days please solve the problem and thank you
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
Well I came here thinking that they would allow you to capture long videos to post just for them to have you take them down.\nBut I guess a 30 second click posted to facebook or twitter isn't that bad... I mean unless they ask you to take those down too lol
Wow look a waste of money!!!
just wow dude
This is an unpopular opinion, but so think Season 20 was better than Season 19.
DEDER JEBS
Accurately tell how many of them were playing clash of clans
Rip
Finially VR hentai games now available to the poor
Can you inform us about all the balance patches until this day?
When's the update?????????????
really sad that iwata had to die before this masterpiece came along\nthanks iwata, see you next game.
Looks great! But please...pretty please. Bring it to the Nintendo Switch?
This legit makes me want to cry.
first anti trump now white nationalists? charlottsville was staged from beginning to end! BLM is real, NBP are real, ANTIFA are real, CAIR is real!!! \nYou guys better not pick the authoritarian establishment side because if you do there goes 99% of your americana, classical liberal, pro western, rationally conservative, libertarian audience!
Will I lose my current saves or does it keep the original games and saves when adding new ones?
How the fuck did you figure that out??
My heart.
The sound it makes at the game's boot up clearly says chokusetsu, which is Japanese for directly, in Iwata's voice.\nBeautiful stuff.
Oculus Go to the polls
You forgot to talk about the cats' primary support ability, their purr, which only support builds and a few offensive builds can spec into at all. It's one of the few abilities that provides a heal, and it's an AoE heal at that, on top of its other benefits. It's insanely broken.
I pree ordered
The runescape music in the beginning gave me nostalgia
24:00 haha
I got mines for 8 dollars at dds
if only Iwata was here to see how Nintendo is ruling 2017 :(
As a programmer who hasn't ever had to work at the assembly level (and hasn't even used a C-level language in well over a decade), I applaud you for explaining this well enough for me to follow along!
Boy I hope its not like Destiny
Is this gonna be a real game?
I swear if they don't nerf the Scattergun
I understood some of those words.
Why did Daisy get replaced by a real person?
30s? Pointless Nintendo move right there.
nice
Shigeru needs to learn English.\n\nNot saying he's bad
bandz make Nintendo dance baybeeee
These guys did not even play the first red dead redemption
Stop being a cheapskate and just buy the expansion so you can have two supp classes.
When people conplain about gaming being addictive, violent, sexist and other sorts of things, I think they are the offspring of those Communists with ideologies that just don't make any real sense when there are so many serious stuff in the real world but they get so offended by works of fiction it is a strange comparison.\n\nSure even capitalist countries got worried about violence in gaming, but allot of those who were worried have deep communist beliefs how everything needed to be done to their standards that were often unrealistic.
THEY TEERK ERRR JERBS!
I'm here before this blows up. I made an it parody check it out 
I'm confused about my new build. I play a Cassowary, and I'm not sure how I should play.
It's not that related to the topic at hand, but that museum is great. In there you can have a chat with one of the first chat bots called Eliza, created in the 60-s. When I was there I told it it's 2014 and it told me I'm insane.\n\nThey also have the weirdest arcade pong machine called Pain station. You move the bar by rotating an analog tumbler with your right hand, while your left hand is pressed against a metal grate with electric contacts. If you take your left hand off that grate, you lose. The gist is - every time you miss a ball, random danger zones appear on the screen. If your opponent, who is in a same position as you, hurls the ball into those zones, your left hand gets either slapped with a thick rubber band, heated with really hot air or zapped through the contacts. We've had enough after like 5 minutes. The record holder, as we were told, has managed to endure this for several hours.
he's so cute!!  been a huge fan of his for years, so they got my votes.
The Season Pass for Star Wars Battlefront 1 is free right now for PS4
I doubt that the new season will be as good as the 2003 - 2010 episodes.. this show went down hill in 2011
>Capitalist Luxury
Looks great! But please...pretty please. Bring it to the Nintendo Switch?
Where's Darth Vader ?
Great video thank you
I like it but the dancing is ugly also Im being mario for Halloween cause mario is amazing 
Now fix your customer service department. It's rubbish
Hentai VR we come
YEEEESSSSS
I want count dooku in here as well
matpat plz do mimikyuor type null I'm so intrigued\ni mainly want to see type null
holy shit this channel is amazing
Thats fresh
it doesnt work to me.. i make thise stupid moves with the joy con's since 10 min but it doesnt open the game
This makes my gamer heart happy
Just a couple... more... weeks...
is this a joke or is it real?
Thumbs up for Shiny Teeth
I dont have an expensive cell phone and with gyroscope so i probably will get one Oculus Go to watch movies, videos 360 wherever i want confortably. I dont care about VR games either.
Hmm... its fantastic!\nTho, Marios legs had a bit of trouble
You're making a big deal out of this.
Your videos keep making this political scientist smile. Keep up the good work

Don't like my comment
So basically cats are useless
Human build analysis?
MAKE 2 BUILDER IN BULDERHALL MEN FICKS IT PLEAS 2BUILDERS
nintendo i love your 3ds i have the wii and wii u  this dec 25 im getting a nintendo switch
Omg i thought that pewdiepie was most subbed but Clearly not!! 77mill!!!!
Dude, you are the channel I've always needed without knowing it.
Around 260 songs? Array pointer overflow at 255/256 maybe?
Sylveon or celebi
first time i saw this in direct\n\n\nme:WAIT WHAT
Im so confused, what do it do? what are the features? a video about nothing...
I was so happy watching this, then they mentioned loot boxes. Then I remembered this is EA.
Derek Hough was in her video The Arena
I'm barely about to max out my BH5 walls and I'm not even close to BH6 and BH7 is coming out anytime soon. FML.
Plz release a video of crash test 5
Are you supposed to press any of the top shoulder buttons when you do this?
Can doom even run 60 fps on the switch?
Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2005) still looks and will be vastly better. Fucking lol. 14 maps.\n\n\n\n*1 4*\n\n\n\n*L o l*\n\nInstant action?\n*No.*\nGalactic conquest?\n*No.*\nMods?\n*No.*\nSingle player campaign that's actually likeable and not cookie cutter?\n*No.*\nGood game? \n*You bet your ass not.*
Overhyped crap like the iphone
Name of song?
Please Netflix!
How is this trending?
This is such a thoughtful tribute ...that is makes me want to cry! :')
This nigga still want a season 2 of Re:Zero?
could you do a video on the spider tier list? and i mean true spiders, not tarantulas.
I can trick you\n\n\n\nRead more
Wow
lel blue joy con= botw red joycon = mario odyssey\nthat would be a cool commercial
I'll wait until the official release because I  do not wanna damage my super Mario RPG &yoshi island files
Wait this is still a thing? I can only see this as being a zombie, but theres no way this game is coming back from the dead.
Sue these motherfuckers.
Wow. You really know nothing. Of course it is a prequel and from the trailer it is crystal clear that it is. Do you prepare for such a show at all?
We tried playing Grand Theft Auto 5 without the male fantasy.
the bug was _exiled_
Why does the video look like it was made by a high schooler?
Super Mario Odyssey live musical please :)))))
Honey badgers!
Does it connect to steam?
High Five, to all South Park Fans!!! :D
does this work for july 11 2018?
Will you do a beetle tier list? There's so many guilds.
See? The black man committed the most crimes.\n\nJk it was probably just a coincidence
hey, you should do a whale/dolphin/porpoise tier list! i wanna see that sky-high HP whale species, fam.
Have you considered making a twitter and posting images of the tier lists you've done as well as maybe a sidebit or extra piece of analysis on a specific class that otherwise wouldn't make sense in a video?
people still play clash?....IN 2017?!?!?!
1:06 I live in berlin and never knew about this sooooo....yeah ;)
best for your hentai
Hyped
What generation of iPhone is this?
Man, the salt from catfuckers is glorious. Can't even handle shitposting if it mentions the catshit from which toxo plasmosis is spread.
MY GOD!!!! Those animations are so realistic its uncanny
