22222222
Ewww!! This is so terrible . Do you get a free block of cheese with this song??
Cool.. Very nice to see her again!
Yesssssss! <3 :)
Wow Awesome
Buenisimooo! me encantaa
Whoah! I'm too early!\nFirst comment? LOL\n\nKelly though...this was a fun interview and I love Kelly so much!
THE PERFECT SONG!! I LOVE YOU! 
The guy looks like Gareth Walker from The Journey 
You can never never never never ever ever ever replace my George Michael 
Dis is the last song of you I'm man I'm can cry to... I love all of your song....now you is legend for me.. 
999th comment :d

I dedicate this song to President Donald Trump!
First
wow
Perfect boys!!!!
His bandmates the boys it hurts to hear these words when they are not about Harry Liam and Louis (and) Zayn. 
I swear only white people yell out Cultural Appropriation.
reizinho talentoso
1:56 how can liam do that XD
I swear that girl looks exactly like Sadi Roberts from Duck Dynasty
Well that was awful.
not slamming
God is a woman
good
She is fucking a Muppet a fucking Muppet
Promotional Offer: Free Iphone. Get hold of a new apple iphone every year. To register and receive a Free of cost iphone go to google and type: *givefonesaway*
To think that someone compared this legend to jake paul...
MORE OF THESE PLEASE!
I love you demi
Always a good day when we get a new song/video from Brad Paisley.

YASSS 
I LOVE JESSIE J.  SO MUCH
This song came at the right moment in my life. Sometimes you got to just move on and not look in the rear view mirror.
You are amazing i love you ... Can you come to Slovenija?
Omg I wasn't readyy 
    ?
I like the song but she toned it down so much :( I was expecting them raspy airy goddess notes but this is will do I need this to be sung live
Woah cool! I've never done a 360 video before!!!!!
Miley, Hilary, Avril, Naya all gr8 ideas! But she should sing with me. :)
Did anyone else see the two girls kiss?? What is happening to R5?!
Rest In Peace I hope the country starts some healing in memory of those lost that day
we love you Avicii 
Que talento!! sos unica
Well this made me damn happy. Have been waiting so long for this release. Its even better than i expected 
Wonderful song  
Before 100k squad
#bars
Okay, Fuck you EchoSmith. Lmao. I just lost a selfish, manipulative, controlling, friend/love interest and she is a Lyft driver and this song did nothing but make me think of her and I'd show her this song if she didn't fucking block and ban me from her entire... fucking... life... Still hurts. Yeah, she was manipulative and controlling, but I truly fucking loved her... Ugh. Fuck this song. At the moment.
When she just have to show all these new singers what it means to be an 80s
love you Tom RIP
I've been listening to this song for 2 days straight. I love it so so much You are amazing Alex! Love you so much
I absolutely adore DM. It is just such an amazing band, i love them. They are anything but mainstream. All my friends (I am 14) listen to Pop, just because everybody else does it. You can discover so amazing bands. Like Depeche Mode. I don't know about the others here, but I discovered DM through old vinyls of my dad. But because I wasn't able to hear them I headed over to YT. I couldn't stop listening to it. A while ago I went with my dad to their concert and it was my best experience ever...
Does anybody see the dark mark on her right cheek bone? It might be the shadow of the hat but it looks like she was recently in some type of fight... Is it a bitch fight on the street or..... Was it Iman, her husband? Hmm

B-52s
Johnny Sins is now a singer too! So cool!
The best!!
her OUTFIT THOUGH AH
great song, but i miss old FOB
Brasil
I think Peter won. The heavy metal threw me off
    !
Another great song by Brad...thank you.
Racist bastard! Profited off black culture and now is showing his true racist colors. Foh trash
i dreamed that they mentioned dna on German tv news lol,  is this the aftereffect from streaming?
surprise x
Never heard a song from him I didnt like 
i thought it was a Tyler The Creator cover
Woo he's looks good! And I love this song, his voice is soothing!
Sing roomie's Fastest Rap Ever IRL
Que msica linda 
Subscribe to me and ill subscribe to u
This is plagiarism... https://youtu.be/9JkjupxFCe4
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS MAMA <3
Omg
Love it
Omg way better then I was expecting omg slay dani
OMG this is soooo beautiful
been waiting for this for years
I love her.. shes so underrated
This makes me excited for Christmas already and Halloween isn't even close yet!
Chester!!!
Back to the life I know. The rest is in God's hands. Praise you Jesus. 
am i the only one that hears a little bit of One Last Time by Ariana in the beat?
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU SOOO SOOOO MUCH DODIE
Video clip is beautiful  making more beautiful  Katy Perry is beautiful and lovely super star 
Wow..1.5 million in just 3 days
Dave east sucks
Maroon 5, Julia Michaels
omg... I crying!!!
Amen I love this  man
merci encore pour cette chanson, chacun de tes morceaux a tellement le pouvoir de m'apaiser et me transporter dans d'autres mondes, juste j'espre que il y aura aussi quelques morceaux sans paroles, c'est ceux que je prfre. en tout cas on compte les jours jusqu'en novembre!

Cool
im not at all a fan of pokemon, but is that priest serious lol, what a psycho.
bring a tear to my eye
Magnifico!\nAmazing!
Pronto los ver en su concierto
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
SES
Love Chris Young!
No me parece nada bien que use la bandera as. Tantas cosas le dijeron a Justin por una remera (yo estaba ah y lo pude comprobar) y a estas no le dicen nada por usarla as. \nLa bandera se respeta, no es un pareo para ir a la playa

This is such a good song for anime amv's.  The feel, the pace, the vibe. Damn so much Naruto glimpses xD
i dont you personally but GIRRLLLL IM SOO PROUDD AS A PERFOMER I KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE IN FRONT BAGGGA PEOPLE DEM BUT YOU OWND THAT STAGE PROUD DO YOUR THING B SLAY ALL DAYY ITS LOVE BIG UK
This is beautiful
I like this little country-pop like thing she's got going on right now. 
Damn haven't seen Avicii or Rita in years... this was lit 
Pink just keeps getting better and better. A star is reborn.
I was the first comment I'm actually so happy omds
I couldn't resist! https://vgy.me/ftcxaz.jpg

HELL YEA MAN !!!!
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH Green Day for Life
Wonderful 
what are those 2 characters with crowns on guccis sweater?? Does anybody know this brand ?
That's was awesome.
Chills
Another Taylor Swift VS. Carly Rae Jepsen and she did it again. She won over Taylor.\n\nTaylor can have the sales, but Carly did a better song.
Till the day of my death when I walk off the earth. You guys are awesome wish I could see you in the church basments in Mississauga again like the good ole days
Yes! New NEEDTOBREATHE - it's a good day!!!!
WHAAAAAAAT???!! noooo brooo! This is haaaawt! #CertifiedFyah 3:08-3:25 is ridiculously beautiful sigh Bless up KB
Going to be honest: I expected more. This one feels really bland both in song composition and videoclip, I dont know about the lyrics tho.\n\nComparing this one tho Heartland, Blessings, Play Dead (my personal favorite), and basically all your other songs this one falls really flat and basic to me. Its not bad, but its extremely *MEH*\n\nYou can do better stuff that this. WAAAY better. \n\nCheers!
Good afternoon Chris, at last we got the new video, and as always is beautiful! Well done.
I LOVE this song !
So sick girl! Nicki  You already ! Thanks!
even dislikes at this momenyt (666) looks GOOOD 
NOOOOOOOO PQ SE BESA CON ESA CHICA NOOOOO
Okay I can't be the only one who thinks this guy is like to spitting image of Eminem,  like flow and look it's uncanny
fucking BEAUTIFUL music you guys make Jesus Christ.
That dude looks like a young Richard Branson
My fav  i like this song omg :)) too much addicted
Steve Martin is brilliant, funny and an incredible musician. Of course he surrounds himself with other master musicians!
This song has so much potential to be a great video. I have some ideas if you need some. I'm on a Tennessee Mountain top now after going through my own California hell... lol
his voice is fantastic a lot of singers seem to lose it a bit as they get older but at 55 he sounds as good as he did 30 years ago -after a few listens though i think this is a decent cover but - not very exciting? like someone else commented it kinda reminds me of u2 haha
I LOVE THS SONG \n LOVE SHAKRA
nice song as always
i missed them! <3
He 
Musicas de chayan
My Kimbra IS BACK 
My boii NF over here on trending
My fucking heart 
This is the same band that made Everything Will Be Alright in the end 3 years ago? \nDisappointed...
I'm here for it yessss
OMG THIS IS SO GOOOOOOD
Beautiful!
Geez, why does everybody gotta listen to those lil rappers, lil wayne, lil pump, lil uzi vert, lil yachty etc.  JUST THROW THAT STUFF IN THE GARBAGE AND LISTEN TO NF ALREADY!!!!!!!
All of her songs are sooooo good
austin voice omgawd
He's so cute 
Kanye sucks
Selena Gomez I hope your watching 
,         ,      !!!  ,   !!!
Keep bringin' it on like this Darius.
Y'all go sub to our channel. We just started and we would greatly appreciate it 
Omg tayyyyylorrrrrrr hes so cuteeeeee
HAZRET YASUO?!
Damn! I love her! Still amazing!
RIP Grant Hart, sorry to see you go from this world.
Lana, I LOVE how your natural nails look. So pretty. \nAlso who is the baby Gregg Allman?
Deserve more succes
I was looking for a affordable malware and virus blocker that also prevents hackers. I came across MalwareBuster. It makes my computer run so much faster. So far so good! Has anyone else tried this one yet? https://malwarebuster.com/mb/info17
3:09 is that a baby?
when u put the noise gate after everything else in the fx chain
Just saw them in Atlanta! Magnificent!
Aww!!! Grace you're so amazing!!!! You're so special and talented, and my greatest inspiration!!! I know you'll probably never read this, but I wanted to write this anyway!! I hope someday I'll be as talented and hard working as you, because you know miracles can happen!!!\n <3 <3
In love
Revenge video pls
after illenium weekend another master piece from him <3333
I love this song, who like this song too???
Rap rock
For some reason I'm reminded of Watch Dogs....
Lecrae is absolutely right but I do want to add as a lifelong Elvis Presley fan he gave credit to those who came before him and he never wanted to be called The King.
gracias x el cover dm lo maximo
crack bitch
230 veiws
Ayeeee this is what we needed in this album, this and willy wonka got god damn murdered
I love Danielle, but I think she waited too long to get to the top.  Maybe she doesn't want to or maybe she received bad advice, but I'm sad that she's not as big as others :(
ART 
So stoked for the new album thank God Danny is back
This bitch always surprise me, fucking talented
im looking forward 
When your son tries to make cookies but burns the house down (I didnt do it!)
no candles were harmed in the making of this video
Happy birthday red beardguy
Track is magnific 
sorry, but in my opinion this is not good...
Why is this trending
Is it me, or do Capital Kings and Martin Garrix keep dropping singles at around the same time?
Amazing, I love it. 
Ser que llegaremos al milln?  Dale like a este comentario si lo crees posible!!
Get  your preschool rhymes off my feed
That's a lotta fucking hoes in that crib
Ted bundys version still better
Back at it again with THE FUCKING GREAT SHIT!!!LOVE IT
2:31 - 2:39 hahaha...omg Corbean, he's my LOVE
Great song!
Love u sam but that shirt is afwul
dont you mean SENATOR rock?
If nicki would've started vouging I would've ripped my weave out and ate it
I got goosebumps when you guys sang numb by Linkin Park
too high to give a fuck about peetah
ROSS SHOR LYNCH IS THE KINDEST, NICEST, THOTFUL, RESPECTFUL, FUNNIEST, CLAVEREST PERSON I EVER KNEW; RYDEL MARY LYNCH IS THE CUTEST, PRETTIEST, FUNNYEST, CRASYEST, CLAVEREST WOMAN I KNOW FROM INTERNET.
perro fiel jajajaja indirecta para pique! jajajja grande shakira pique ess un cabraloka jajajajaja que jefes sois
i'd LOVE to hear her sing Queen of the Night
I'm in love with this video and I'm so proud of bea. This songis beautiful
I don't understand, if this were Taylor Swift's song (I don't know why but I found myself imaging this song would be good with her too), I bet it would break the records. But P!nk is not popular enough, as a fact. But this does not change the fact also this song is great! :)

So good!
O now bet bars no one free style game stupid always
More like...\nI wanna cut to the second half of the music video
He is the Adele male version sing brother sing
 
The chorus tune is copied from If I die Young by the band perry and also Eminem
forever in my heart..I love you..RIP Chester
drop is gold dust
Grant Hart wrote many great songs for Husker Du as he did with his solo career afterwards and with Nova Mob but this song is the one I hold closest to my heart. Damn heart wrenching and I'm not sorry somehow!!!
Will the guy in the yellow pls marry me
Hi I Taiwan I very like u song
FALSE advertisement! theres no feat. Nicki Minaj -_______- they only showed the SAME part that was on her original music video -_-
Marry me
Saw him live...his voice sounds so freakin amazing
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS YES BEA
this is something else 
He kinda sounds like james blunt 

Saludos desde Luxemburgo extra colombia.\nJajaja pura mierda ando en.Neiva en la.carnicera de mi pap jajaja pero ms de uno aplica esa ja
Meu Deus! Como eu amo isso,aaaaaaaa mais um hino Essa mulher arrasaa!
Down tempo divine
I got 100%
That sounded beautiful!!!!!
pure brilliance xxx
ON REPEAT!!! This song gives me LIFE
LOVE THAT SONG 
I can't wait for the new album
Chester T^T Please....
Araso Anitta
When the weed hits u and u ain't even ready
Is mayonnaise a trance bassline?
I love melanie and I'm sure she wouldn't like the way some idiots comment on this song really stfu empowroning each other the only thing that is the same is the name. Stop being cry babies
IM SO EXCITED
LOVE THIS SO MUCH 
I'll always have a place in my heart for Toni... this song has the potential to be one of my favorites of hers with\nUn-Break My Heart, Spanish Guitar, I Don't Want To, Another Sad Love Song, Yesterday
Hola!
Joey fucking Barton
Every time I watch a hayley mv I question if I'm bisexual or gay
This song gave me a OneRepublic vibe especially during the verse. @@
DODIE You get back there and audition!!
that's how I feel all the time o really like ur songs so much.
So talented, thank you for continuing to make music, it's all so wonderful!
A LEGEND  WILL MISS YOU TOM   GONE FAR TO YOUNG RIP    I AM SO SAD
Scott Bradlee, you've finally made a cover for Bruno Mars! You've always wanted to do a cover, and now you did it :)
bae 
Wow. He's got Freddie down.
Saw the vampire fangs in the thumbnail, had to click and see about this song. I had no idea they were doing new music! Pleasantly surprised.
It's hard for this slut to go down hill when she was never up the hill. Lol, fucking cum dumpster.
Just ripped the wound right open again....Thank you guys for this beautiful video. Always in our hearts Chester, Rest easy buddy!
Th video is plain stupid but the song is plain beautiful
this song I get over this very very good me facina and I love it I sing it all lung/////este tema me supero esta muy muy buenoo me encanta lo canto a todo pulmon god is good from (chile)
Que vdeo fofo 
before 1 mil
Por qu tiene tantos fans brasileos??? Ojo me encanta como artista!! Simplemente me llama la atencin tanta bandera y pblico de habla portuguesa
miss old paramore 
the queen never disappoints  us djmnujrkdf
I got that shit right
amazing song she makes the BEST POP MUSIC however, the stylist should be fired. That flannel shirt with those green pants TERRIBLE

you should have your songs on spotify
A masterpiece <3, I wish I could've met you when you were in Toronto :'(
Cassie been saying for the last 10 years she's got her 2nd album coming  sis just keep being one of diddy's concubines
He looks like a bottom
When dolla say oh yea oh yeaaaa in the hook it lowkey sound like jaqueese
Is Ally's lipstick annoying anyone? Her lips are red with a strip of pink...... Or am I the weirdo?
wow finally a new song and its great
No way!!!! This made me happy
Wow Peter, amazing job once again, im kind of getting an eric Whtiacre vibe from this video. Beautifull!
Love this song! Very deep!
Ricegum please take this L
The tears always just keep flooding out. Chester was my inspiration for why I started singing every word that left his mouth had his heart and soul in it. R.I.P Chester you will be forever missed!
Just go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only real working clash of clans working method by 2017
Denunciar a todos esos brasileos por spam kbrean!!!
This kid has a great future ahead, I hope he can handle the pressure and stay away from alcohol and drugs.
Im your huge fans. You are my favorite bands. I listen to all of your songs, and I was at both concerts you had in the Czech Republic and have all your albums but lately I feel that the melody of the songs is repeated. It will come to me that you just edited the older song and put a new text on it. I understand that it's hard to come up with something new, but this song is too obvious to me. It's just my opinion. I like songs from you and they will still be, but I just wanted to comment..
Brasil
i love her. she is a really nice gal and very inspirational.
don't care for it
I thought i was tipsy  Nice work and ofcourse this music too 
Not that anyone cares, but I got 100%
It's incredible !!!!!!!!
I love you min yoongi
Its an amazing gift from u loui........luv uuuuu 
Guys Help me out move on
people saying her career is over cause Xs on the song. yall dumb
super
Cuban 
lit
 some of  the best music out there comes from this man!
::: Look What You Made Me Do t-shirt :::  www.amazon.com/dp/B0755GSX2Q
Where has she been 
We are one amazing lay forever
JAY Z ALWAS SUPPORT LATINOS alWAYS  GIVING US  A NAMED
I thought liberals hated Christmas , now they want sing Christmas songs
I love her sm
It gets better with every replay
OMG  your Spanish is very good  i love you  greetings from Chile 
Love it
such a devastating loss, will definately buy the album
My sister from another mister I must've  have overlooked my personal invitation to the wedding of the year! #hookabitchup
I hate country music..but this okay I suppose..even though if he missed a few chords.
Who is listening to this before 1 million
THAT GEENLIGHT I WANT IT
This girl deserves lottt more recognition
You're so amazing  bae
You sir are a genius
In before this song is everywhere and becomes overplayed
This is so fuckin lit
He pussywhipped
Kid Rock for Senate!!
That's what I was waiting for so long ..yay
dancing to this with my panties on a rainy day friday
Can i get 300 subscribers for my birthday tomorrow?Can you make me a suprise on my special day?
Do these kids even know that its LIAM PAYNE they are with
Love love Sam Smith! Glad to have his music back!
And I thought our civilization was going to end with Nuclear War.
https://youtu.be/-qPkgQbfyZ4
<3 made my night!!! <3<3
This cover is beautiful
Have never heard a song by Darius that I haven't loved. He's an amazing artist. Love him
Great song Jacob 
I clicked on this so fast , I've been waiting since that Mahogany performance.
Inspiration! Proud of you! Best song I've heard in a while
but the hispanic culture will still call him racial slurs...black people care too much about what other races think of us and too little about what we think of ourselves...charity starts at mi casa
What she is saying to me is you can't box her.....love the new look and sound!
feat Lil Dicky too. awesome!!
Soy fan
I just don't get this music at all.
ARE YOU ALIVE BUT ARE YOU LIVING?! MY FAVE LINE YOU GUYS NEVER FAIL! White suit yas please <3
Man. This fucked me up.
I guess no one noticed how he carried himself in this concert; he clearly wasn't well.  Tom appears out of breath, he staggers almost as if he were impaired and he seems totally exhausted.  He was probably feeling like shit for a long time, but felt compelled to carry on and finish his tour.  Sad to see you go, Tom, but your music is the great legacy you leave us with.  RIP.
DNA Official MV is now uploaded. Stream guys. Blink here to help and support BTS
So GOOOOOD!!
I love her shes such a babe
These niggas really edited the video to make their jewelry shine
Aunque R3HAB no es la gran cosa, pero al escuchar esa cancin tipo DJ Snake est bonito, no solo por sus letras, tambin por el turstico de Japn, pero no quiero ser otaku, solo este fondo.
Who came from Eltons vid? This song is amazing omg I'm soooo obsessed
Man look like woman
i've never related more to taylor york in my damn life
WTF ARE YOU DOIN GUYS PLEASE VOTE. I CAN'T VOTE AGAIN NOWWWW\nhttp://m.mwave.interest.me/en/mobileweb/star/poll/vote.m?poll_seq=575
I love the entertainment Youtube brings, but fuck the comments. Most of them are mongoloid half wits. If you enjoy this song... listen to it. If not, fuck on
I love this song
its nice to see these guys are back at it again, ive been listening to them since Into your arms came out
Teared up at the end when the guy proposed, gosh I'm such a sap
Oppp
I was just a fan of your work till now. But after this, I am your Jabra fan. Respect.
juste manifique
beautiful song
I'm in love with a woman who doesn't like guys. I love it.
Tbhhh too much buildup, I'm ready for the drop but 0:39 seconds but still no drop
Dam! i watched this on the other side of the world. From Indonesia crying my eyes off. Well done! Thanks for the inspiration.
get ready for new shows in your region, sign up for free to get free tickets www.premium-bus.pl
We've reached 30 million this is amazing :D
*THE SONG THE LYRICS HIS VOICE THIS VIDEO IS JUST PURE PERFECTION Y'ALL*
descargar cancion !\nhttp://shrink-service.it/s/5hZH1d
Much Love
Lo amo 
Interesante katy  perry
I love it
it's you eminem?

That long haired guy is really good at the harmonica
Why u did that Chester :(
Talent Wachu Know about it
Tori kelly is bomb af ! 
I love this song and now im in love with the video plus she is so cute/sexy
I love this song
THIS CAME OUT 2 DAYS AGO... HOW DID I NOT KNOW
Here 4 Nicki.
nope. weaksauce try hard emo rock. nope.
Uhhh why Ross is getting hotter and hotter...?
THOSE DAMN LLAMAS AGAIN
Sou ateu mas curto demais
Omg Sam looks so fucking different now  and did he loose weight wtf where have I been!?
im not crying you are
Quem ta ouvindo muitas vezes por dia ! Bate kkkkk
I am cryingggg
FUCK ME UP
THIS IS <3
TE AMOOO
King James Bible Proverbs 3:5\nTrust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.\nTHE ARCHANGEL MICHAEL.
Hey guys! My name is Malik Charles...im really tryna get my music heard and would appreciate any support! I make music about love,life,pain and try my best to reach all people. Please take a listen... https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
tell me this man doesnt look like swoozie lol
Wow, the band has more range, than I ever expected.... Keep reaching and growing!
fire
She is so dame elegant
Now everyone tries to be a star...this music is not good.
Ugh the screeeam. Luuuuuuhhhhh you Tamar
I think this song is about 1 month old.
Sup, dudes. I am currently run a blog entitled Come and Share This Jam With Me where I share underrated and simply awesome songs that I love like Pills, and where I also discuss my delightful opinions about them. If you want to check it out follow this link: http://sharethisjam.blogspot.com/2017/10/pills-st-vincent.html or not, that's cool too
This song is great. NF is the best!
so glad your back so amazing xx loved meeting u, so lovely and kind xx
I love this song! It speaks so much to what's going on & has gone on for so long, so to everyone who feels like the world & it's people are all growing colder, Linkin Park.
WHAT A BOP
Yessss - that was so GOOD brother, that last song had me in chills.
Love. Love. Love.
LMAO.. the Taylor fighting scene and falling is hilarious... I can see the concern of the guy who is handling the machine.. LOL
vomit
 Clublife, Vol. 5 - China !
This is like watching Avatar or the Valerian with her as the soundtrack. XD

Love u jacob
Oque salva no clipe  a floresta amaznica que  linda e nossa, j o resto, a msica  chata e os figurinos so horrorosos!
Love it.
we love you Avicii 
Eight of us travelled 6000 miles (us 2 in an RV) to see Tom Petty and The Heart Breakers at Red Rocks,  May 30th, 2017. Not sure we'd do that for another artist. RIP Tom and TY.
Some people say it is impossible to fall in love with a stranger. They say I am crazy or maybe I am not feeling good with my reality, but it is not that way. \nI first saw Niall when I was 12 years old and I remember I told myself I love this guy, I started writing letters and doing paintings for him. I have poems and stories. I learnt english so I can tell him something the day we meet. When I am sad I imagine knowing him in person or just watch these videos :) My mom said it was an stage, but right now I am almost 18 and I feel the same as the first day, I am sure this feeling will never end. Maybe you are thinking I am dumb, but only people who has experienced this will understand.\nI love you, Niall xx.
*My personal rankings so far*\n1. Feels Like Summer\n2. Mexican Fender\n3. Weekend Woman\n4. Beach Boys
Is he throwing shade at Travis Scott
You brought me back and in.. Somewhere deep within..\nWhere no lies fear near misery slightly apear..\nI felt free.. Self righteously what now, what now ya'll \nGrateful for what I now bestow \nI'm free.. Free <3 Thank you Darling for this beautiful gift of enlightenment.. Sending you much love all away from a little Island Called ARUBA DUSHI TERA <3 Xx
pretty terrible grocery store muzak
Uh... It's September..
best rapper of the world
Weak
White kids shouldn't support black musicians who hate them (white kids).
this is a good song i can hear this everyday
Needs Hatsune Miku as lead vocals.
Connan Mockasin?
You  are uniqe Lana, live
This song is too perfect for this world 
This week is heaven of music Bjork and Sam Smith......
This kid's living the dream.
perfect friday night long drive music :)
wait...\nwhat?
Kelly is back. 90's are back! This song is damn good, bitch! No need sex, booty, etc. To show how music good is. Breakaway kelly! Haha
Christmas in September
This is actually trending wow!
I can't wait for the music video of this song
FUCK! IT'S IN A LOOP! HELP!\n\n\n\n\nNO! FUCK OFF! I'M LOVIN' IT!
N0w
I love this so much
Can you maybe do a video on how to do glissandos/bendings because that one in the beginning was really awesome?
Q mierda
Sus letras si que estn buenas y este sonido est pasable.
Goosebumps all over
So nao entendo essa roupa de inverno
God gifted you a incredible voice. So dont waste it. Btw, i love this song.
I don't like her cause she just wears clothes that are inappropriate for her age...have you'll noticed her showing off her butt in the vid??? *tbh she dosent have one ...but I feel that her singing inspires kids but not her dressing and that proudly attitude....SRY!! I COULDN'T HOLD UP ANYMORE..I HAD TO TYPE THIS...OK..KEEP THE HATES CUMIN..IM READY..
Wouldn't be the first times these two spent time together sucking on shit in their mouths.
Every day untill the album released will be a nightmare and then the dream will start )
how does one doesn't love dodie. i love her so much and this music video is so beautiful :')
Kiss me guys..im Irish too, it'll bring you luck. :)
Br
Whew! That truly was LIT! Lecrae hasn't relented yet. Crae continues to demonstrate his fidelity to the commission of Romans 1:16 and his music is truly an artful mission to both the Church and the world as a whole. Lecrae, KB, TobyMac, Trip Lee, Andy Mineo, Crowder, Blanca and other musicians like Colton Dixon are pure examples of Public Theology in the modern era.
come yo southamerica please:(
FROM B O L I V I A
Soooooooo butifull voice and great music R3HAB YOU WITH YOUR  FT. DIMITRI VEGAS & LIKE MIKE
Whos here before 550k ??
Got em all right
Flojsimo el tema!!
Love this song and love lukas
so nice song
i just realized she is the girl who said 'how bow da'
trump .Puerto Rico does not like u . something about being a racist . Now , all the Puerto Ricans r coming down here till the Island is back.. Now what about that Trump
this shit makes my breakup from today hurt so much, but it had to be done. worst thing ever is to just grow apart while being in love, just no going forward. this song was shown to me by my ex-fiance 30 minutes ago. sent me this song with a simple sentence, I'm sorry I let you down, know that it's forever gonna be you for me! 
Eu aqui representando os brasileiros 
Lost 12th century old krishna Temple (venugopala sawmi) near Mysore\nhttps://youtu.be/gn-saZs8nZw
This is the only song that can make me cry. 
This is one of the softest LP song ever!\n#RIPChester
who loves grace?\nGive me your like to show to me your proof that you are like grace 
Wow her vocals here are on point
Godzilla !
Justin Timberlake? 
Stream
1:39 lmfao
Argentina. 
how is every one of your songs THE BOMB
Please help: BOB ROSS needs to get songified! \n\nHow come we still don't have that? Come one Gregory Brothers (incl. girl brother)? \n\nThank you in advance!
Lo mejor del country, buena meloda y letra triste, dios te bendiga Chris por deleitarnos con tu msica....Thank you Chris for delight us with your music. the best of the country, good song and sad lyrics. God bless you.
I am so inlove with everything about her, this song and her MV!!!
Good Stuff *Eric* ! 
True country music with no niggers
I love you thank u so much for everything, rest in peace x
Her voice is absolutely a natural gift.  I'm however not thrilled with the goofy instrumentals - yes even her ukulele - and splashes of backup singers.  It just doesn't feel as though she has found her sound and it results in this song possessing talent, yet still falling into forgettable.
oh damn I actually enjoyed watching this
Where the DNOU hoodies KB!!! Song is dope! 
Christmas in September
hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Beyonce Vibes
This songs makes me cry. Girls, I love you very much, thank you.
Crap ripoff of the Weezer video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4ulbZSXdQA
So, in the last instalment, he's gonna get mechanoid arms, right? Then Evil Red Lobster Samurai's in the shit... 
Que hermosa estas fergie 
i love niall and 1D
*ESTA EN 45 EN TENDENCIA* TENDENCIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LOS AMOOOOOOOO QUE ORGULLO JODER, ME ENCANTA  ESTE VDEO
This is one of the non-inventive songs I've heard this year.  Beck's lost it!
this hits home :/
so powerful !!!!
she does it AGAIN
I love those stories behind your Songs <3
Damn...Imma in tears...this...is...so....beautiful
i love you Brns
Her voice doesn't match\nHer fine ass face

Good song and music!
This just clicks with me and I don't know why
Y de repende un Espaol 
thank you so much everyone who made this
This is so beautiful
ASDFGHJKL! YES!!! When their instagram page uploaded a 30 second snippet of the video last week, you can understand how frustrated I've been waiting for this. Beautiful song, with such beautiful artists inside and out <3
she sounds a lot like Andra. especially the beginning..
I would like to place the blame on Dr. Phil and Iggy Azelia
4 out of 6, missed 2+5
Cool bananas
I love your music, support from Spain.\nSois geniales, espero que continuis , apoyo desde Espaa
She is so beautiful!!! You will never hurt again cause we are always gonna be here for you!!!!
Awesome!
Love him soooo much
Wolf and sheep rough coolio
He did it again that's my boy
Simply go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will receive the only working clash of clans working tool in 2017
This is pretty nice, who wrote it?
sounds like nickleback...
One Russian famous band already did it in 2001, guys >< https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4
Is it just me, or does it look like Morrissey has had some botox done?  I'm mainly referring to how he looks in the Germaine Greer England Is Theirs t-shirt pic.  I hope it's just the lighting or something, because IMHO he didn't need botox.  He had (and hopefully still has) an iconic look.
JESUS CHRIST IS LORD TO THE GLORY OF GOD! And how you always, Jeremy, show such a beautiful example of the Joy Of The Lord when you are singing praises to HIM! Praise GOD in Jesus's name!! Thank you Jeremy for praising our LORD with your talent he gave you. God bless you, your band and your wonderful families.
Cool one

this song(+jk's whistle) is so catchy, i keep thinking about it
my favorite !!!
No breaktrough LAME
Niiiiiiiice! Love it! \nShe's so amazing!
This is Burning Sun remade, cool
The way she swings the golf club akskaksn shes so cute
*LOVE*  *LOVE*  *LOVE*  *LOVE*  *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE* *LOVE*
I wonder how many roses you guys have been through during the LLL era so far 
Omg these two when   they sing incredible    beautiful   ,amazing , it gives me chills, I can't   wait for   the ablum . ...
Tengo unas elecciones delegaciones obligaciones alegaciones
FUUUCK
Joey fucking barton
this is way better then the studio version ,his voice is amazing!
Voice Reminds me of joe strummer and music from 2000s
HOLY SHXT AT 1:59 I FELL OFF MY BED
This one is SO good i've listen it 10 times today
Go to school and study
Woww
Again with the simple cover photos... Love them so much 
GREAT VOICE
Me payno \nBoyyyyoo 

I like it
<3
Every time Edwin sings I could drive, oh anywhere you want my heart just 
Ha! No mere mortal can stab me if I have my Kadabra use Reflect! Stupid Pastorman.
Great idea just no time for audience participation\nYour so clever Andrew\n
..
Amazing song, 03:40 love this part!
man V is awesome
It's sad how little visibility this is getting.
I Jiren love George Michael he has a really sexy look which even allures me and my mates The Pride Troopers
never fail to amaze me <333
John Legend ft. Andre 3000?
Saw the man Niall Horan at iheartradio village yesterday! Check out my latest video to see it! Like and subscribe if you enjoy the content  Have a great day or night y'all!
Yeezy!
Beautiful!
Marvelously done...
Felt my nuts drop!
Sweet video. Looking forward to the album because these boys do not write bad music. The stylistic genre that this might be categorized into, might not be your thing, but as it's been said many times here, We're Enter Shikari and we've been abusing music's worthless genre boundaries since 2003. This is true on their lyrical content as well as their musical diversity. Not every song is going to be a winner with everyone. The same can be said for any fan of any band or any form of media for that matter. Does that make it a bad, not at all; it just means that you don't care for it, but someone else may. \n\nBottom line, this sounds something like that would have come out around the time of, We Can Breathe in Space and Tribalism with the production level of The Mindsweep. I mean Live Outside now that I think about it, really reminds me of a happier sounding version of Thumper.
YESSSSSSSSSSS! I LOVE the arrangement and the throw back style!
I love this man 10 out off 10 class Morrissey
Peter pleassssse do My heart will go on!!!!!
Is that google home mini?\n\nGood song btw
Why didn't he check Peter for saying he didn't have talent?
How can someone dislike this masterpiece?
all I ask is to see the footage of my boy walking back from that last shot lol
parfait comme toujours
Hermoso vdeo justo en mi corazn
Sam Smith is one of the few artists who is this INCREDIBLE live. (And sounds the same as it recorded)
2:35 making it sound even better than the album version, LEGEND
This song along with Thomas Rhetts Sweetheart is giving me major 1950s Swooning Throwback Feels!
i love everything about this
You make my heart smile.... 
Pink is a man no doubt
THIS IS SOOOO GOOD
Song 1 -- Video 0
<3
Wow, I love it. This is one great song.
I just love hayley kiyoko and this song she never disappoints me with her songs!
Love to hear d
Fuck, I thought this was gonna be a My Hero Academia intro!
<3
I'm sick of people telling me to smile more Roman?
truly ahhhmazing. such a talent!!
Love it!!  Crowder - you did it again! :)  Awesome song, beat and video. I'm free!!!!
LOVE IT!!!!!!
she soo chilled.
Very good music 
This is absolutely amazing, congratulations to you and the patrons!
this is hot
This is such an abstract.
Love that drum sound. The dry sound is coming back :)
She is pure beauty her voice is pure beauty the song and the lyrics are pure beauty everything about this video is pure beauty.
Best song ever
Goth FTW
that I'd end up so caught up in need of your demons. 
jungkook face baby banget 
AMAZINGGGGG I WANNA SEE THEM LIVE
I just love this dude so much. He's fantastic, humble and a fantastic singer and actor. Love the new song and pleased to see how good it's selling on iTunes. I hope radio adds it and it is a top ten hit on Billboard. The sound is kind of muffled in this video but it's great footage. Thanks for posting this! Btw, the official music video for Find You premiers today.
\n
good song  :-)
Nice
Yo Check This Out \n\n\nhttps://youtu.be/qyVqYts4vCM
Sam eres mi persona favorita en la vida. 
Esta cancin es adictivaa
i'm usually the biggest scrooge but for this i will make an exception 
Miley always has wise words
Watch this blow up

+1 Lile I am From Turkey . Hello Json Durelo
The shoes are truly cruel.
I WISH I WERE THE ONE OF THEM :(
fave 
djsnake is lv 
 just gets better
I've been obsessed with this song since it came out and I'm so sad this is the video for it 
Never had suck a fellings sing
Tamar needs to go back to the hair and makeup she was rockin when she was on DWTS. She's looking WAAAAAAY overdone here. Too much of everything. She's naturally pretty.
your remixes are always better than the originals!!!
People still are disliking it
My girl friend 
Wow another hit song! This talented  singer/songwriter & artist is Amazing! She's been gifted a beautiful angelic like voice and her vocal abilities are Incredible and those of which seems that the sky is the limit for her talents. The talents to the extent that Danielle has  been blessed with cannot be taught. She's a natural that is why her vocal talents come to her so effortlessly,  because they are a beautiful natural gift from God! I've followed her since her beginning on the voice and she won me over as a huge fan when she sang her bling audition song. I've been following her ever since then and I'm still a huge fan of hers. She is one of the most versatile vocalists I've ever heard and, she's one of the most talented voices in country music nowadays!. Danielle is like that of a rare gem like a special diamond in the rough, keep singing you and your talents are shinning bright
I love you so so much From VietNam
I love Chinese food.
Nice
There's a reason why you were Sonny's guy! You are a class act Eric Church.
lol at their use of the word 'kidnapping' in a neutral manner. lol
Her voice sounds like Stevie Ray Vaughn's guitar.
the MV is out now, start streaming it instead of the teaser
https://youtu.be/sUCrAr_4RzU\n\nPara Puerto Rico en estos tiempos deficiles.  Dios esta conosutro, El esta Restorando nuestra gente y Isla.  Todos Las tribu seran purificados.  Entre Los dolores y sufremientos, nos espera la victoria.  Que Dios Nos Bendiga.  Hallel.  \n\nhttps://youtu.be/sUCrAr_4RzU
How am I just liking country music?? I wish I listened to country music a loooooong time ago
Awesomeness!!! 9 years I listen this great music
more electronic enhanced commercial crap permeating and ruining music, hacks hired for their looks instead of musical abilities, bring back the days of actual talented musicians and vocalists.
Gas the kikes! Race war now!
MASTERPIECE
This time, please stay and don't make us wait 10 years for new music.
Gran impresin del Live Aid
Gucci been droppin fire latley.
I saw featuring beyonce , i click it ,, its so simple
Lay is Slay .... Happy Lay day in china sheep day ...Chukae Yixing
lovee
Just beyond belief. HEARTBROKEN.
Fake channel
I like it  lil mama on fire 
This is good !
You should get markiplier to sing with you next
Kevin so Good
sadie can be cute but this video clip as lyrics are trash.
Anira quero essa coreo pra ontem!!!\n\nClipe t maraaaaa \nTudo muito HINOOOO 
i was 8 when this came out
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart

\        /\       /\n  \    /    \   /\n    \/  /\  \/\n   / \/    \/\\n\nLovE YoU Alan!!
I need to thank my bro for letting me listen to this
I love this video but I dont get What is wrong with their shoulders and neck the whole time?! Can someone explain?
1:53 Grande Millos

This is old sound mixed with hipster and a huge scoop of unoriginality, in short it sucks. Kimbra is a million times better than this.
Ay em *TRK* ,,,,,
Damn bae this fire 
DUA LIPA NEEDS MORE RECOGNITION IN THE U.S.!
YouTube: recommended for you: R5 - Hurts Good \n\n\nMe: OF COURSE!! WHY WOULDN'T IT BE THIS IS FIRE!!!!!!
These girls are amazing, make me feel 80's back again! Maravilhosas!
Wow! Straight to the soul!
Hi
Pure , James Blunt Love <3
Nice! 
Alex turner ?

One Direction are better
Woww
Since you did a virtual choir I think you should do an Eric Whitacre song.
His angelic laughter :')
Ily Kungs, u r amazing 
3:19 GARRIX MAAAN!
cute af :'((((
when the new alblum drop
Queens of line dancing
I love this video because she's saying it's okay to be crazy and there will be people that accept you for you. I've learned that I can be crazy and accept it. LOVE YOU MELANIE. Thank you so much.
I found my new love
Where's that strip club? Asking of a friend..
AMAZING
She's trying to sounds like Whitney Houston.. Stop it Jessy, we know you are a very pitchy singer. Sto making your voice fuller and thick.
MI DROGA
I got a room at the top of the world tonight. I can see everything tonight.\nI got a room where everyone can have a drink and forget those things that went wrong in their life. I got a room at the top of the world tonight and I aint comin down. \n*God Bless You, Tom*
this is beautiful...
Loved it 
I low-key only clicked on this cause i saw ft.xxxtentcion \nLike if you agree
She's the queen of the universe, fierce, glamorous, final fantasy era, love this girl!
Just loved it.
Dope song
please for the sake !! not even 1M like!
This song made me depressed but it is so good that I hit the replay button...again and again and again!
wow this is an amazing video, loved it
Love her music...\nI hope that she can make a lot more great music..\nAnne Marie keep doin what you doing
I have a funny feeling this is going to be a half of a full song like System and Meltdown
Most of us just want to be on the penthouse floor as equals, having a grand time together...this is beautiful!
DIOOOOOOOOOOOOOS! que hermoso que canta este hombre <3
Joseph Kahn's Cobra Jacket at 2:06 = ICONIC!!
YES I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR NEW MUSIC
Make Euro tour! Please!
I love this song so much
Que hiNoah 
I don't like this song at all
One Eyed One Horned Flying Purple People Eater next. ;)
It could be an electric guitar...
Miss youLove you
Here we go again with Bitches is my son  This plastic  need to give up that line already 
I Love mackelmore and his lyrics in these songs he shows me always that u should appreciate your life and enjoy every moment every day. So that u can look back with a smile on your face to these good old days and the memories
Love these docos!
boa noite amigao tudo dibom parabens pelo seu vidio eu gostei e obrigado por se escreve no meu canal
KILLING THE GAME!!!
amazing
She is so sweet
I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with Weezer. They made me fall in love with them for 7 years then they started beating me. They'd apologize and buy me flowers and I'd believe them...until the next album when they pushed me down the stairs. And I'd keep coming home to them. And they would apologize, and I'd take them back. This time though, I'm finally packing and leaving. It's been a long 24 years, but all good things come to an end.
#BTSDNA100M
Conan mockasin lol
This is my happy pill!
Fucking awesome 
Personas como tu le dan vida a este pas, eres un icono musical gracias x la energa que transmites en tus canciones y d las cuales nos contaguias, este pas se hace ms grande con lderes como tu...  En el prximo targeton electoral para presidencia pegar tu foto y la marcaremos con una x. Carlos Vives x siempre
OK GO would be proud of you!
Quedo bien culero
que hino
le tue canzoni mi piacciono un casino! bravissimo!! :) :)
how lucky these guys are not because of how big they got, but because the family they have there, how much of a family they are, most of the big bands fight between them and their members and end up in bad terms, these guys grew up together, married, had their children and continued being a family to this day, you can notice just by watching their reactions and their pranks that theres brothers love
Her new album is ehhhh I prefer DEMI LOVATO new album over this
He is my cousin
Great video!
This fixed my hearing, cleared my skin, and made me friendly
fucking queen
MARAVILHOSOOOOS  love everysong of you guys
Love it.
sounds  so much like this\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKRuEY68BVA
R-rated dear future husband
My biggest regret, I never saw him live.
The kid on the cover looks like Johnny Thunders.
the name of the song is confusing but since toni gave me a new song i don't care.
cool track
Beautiful song
I don't get it, she's born in 1992, how was she 13 in 2004?
 dammit... I'm seriously jealous of your skills on the pole Corey Taylor.. Totally Fabulous 's
God I love her so much 
Yall kilt this 
This has a modern yet classic 60s pop sound. Between this and Weezer's recent use of the 50s chord progression in Go Away and Endless Bummer, they are bringing back great things. This really reminds me of Weezer combined with The Monkees new song She Makes Me Laugh (written by Rivers, of course.) Buying the new album at release.
Can you show us what the original samples were like
I love you, I'm from *Hungary*
*To everyone who is new here: he actually performed with Stevie Nicks and Mick loves him. Search Landslide on youtube and you will find it. He fucking cried and I am such a fan now.*
AMAZING!
Queen B 
I just realised ,this is the first Zayn song without any inappropriate (almost any) content!!!!\n#notashade
She lookong like lil kim dam
Great cover and what I would expect from Postmodern Jukebox as it makes you hear the song from a completely different perspective.
Lo amoooo
Omgosh, how sweet is this??
You sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hot I wish I was dating you so bad
Every single time you release music I am blown away with how amazing it is. I absolutely love this!
what did we do to deserve ed sheeran
Tove whatcha doin to that puppet, girly?
Damn cardi b killed it 
julia michaels & maroon 5 TRUST
they are sooooo awesome! I got to meet both of them at Winter jam!
I can see X blowing up. Im always at work singing it.
Brasil 
LIVING FOR THISSSS
Right click on the video. click loop
Banks should drop new album every month to satisfy my need for her music
Dang.. KB ate that   
Some people in these comments are strange
Wtf is Gareth Walker from Fifa 17-18 doing on here then

This bitch been a side chick for 15yrz 
I want to see the formal MV!!!!!!
only 1 million????
what's up with the whispering in the song?
This made me cry so hard

SO good! Her voice is impeccable!
Now actually, this is a real good number!
I'm in it for the long game, to see Sabrina evolve even more than thisshes just amazing. But, i know it's early, but my life is complete
Chester genuinely seemed like a very nice guy, i wish i couldve met him ;-;\n\nRest in Peace, Chester <\n...We will never forget you.
Work it girl xxxxxx
I Love R5
Mercury Forever!!!!!!!!!!
can't get this song outta my head ..
I don't wanna stop-Ozzy Osbourne
Wow, that was beautiful, I loved it and way to go Tim McGraw for hitting those high notes BEAUTIFUL!!!
50 one of the GOATs
loveeeeee it
Amen! I was thinking, KB, what do you need a bobblehead for? lol
that I'd end up so caught up in need of your demons. 
This was awesome. I have loved Steve Martin for so long- an amazing multi talented human being. Would have loved to hear him sing a little more, but the other singer was fantastic as well.
Mi ciudad queridaa, mi barrioo gracias carlos por esa cancion tan hermosa <3
Chris is and always has been a lyrical genius and his voice is incredible
Goals 
my favessss
Today 10m fighting 
Jamais du avec Yelle 
I am your fan lol and therefore I can teach you Spanish for free.
Just amazing! Got to get this album for sure. Oh how i loved this video, so incredibly calm and controlled, almost loving. Until it fails. Suddenly raw and brutal power.
Ahh my name is malia
 cool
Eminem 2017 
this is the name of our church high school leadership program
ooh ifeel gorgeous my self after listening to this song.
I love Albania
Nobody expects the \n*D R A G O N A G E* Inquisition
only 34k views....this is disturbing!! keep rocking Little Dragon!!! one day People will realize what they missing Sleeping on  great music!! Great collaboration with legends!!
It grows on you, but the lyrics are still weird. Makin' my eyes get moist.
So lucky
I WANNA SEE THE OFFICIAL VIDEOCLIP AND CRY BECAUSE I LOVE THIS SONG AND I WANNA DANCE THIS AT MY MARRIAGE,BUT I'M SINGLE\nP.s. c' qualche italiano?
Funny !!!
The real artist rarely get the attention they deserve :( It's such a great song and vido
This is amazing Hudson
Gran artista gran cancin lstima q politice sutilmente con Clemencia Vargas la candidatura de su padre, lstima
that was art
Viva Puerto Rico!!! God Bless la Isla del Encanto!!
She actually sounded pretty good singing with them
lol can't even drive yet
IM SOOOOO PROUD OF HERRRR
Godspeed man- You were well loved!
      ... <3
Love it and Kane's voice is deep and beautiful. The first time I heard There Goes My Everything touched me!!!
Turn up the volume Letdisturb the the neighborhood
If they put this song on my phone I hope they give us the option to delete it cause this is a big no thank you
this is dope!!  The best lyrics video i have ever watched.
Literally my 12th time listening to this including Spotify!
100x better then adele
These videos are beautiful! What a lucky girl! Send us an email, we'd love to give you one of our carriers to try! info@chekoh.com
Hard rocking jam that I totally did NOT expect. I'm on board big time!
Saw the man Niall Horan at iheartradio village yesterday! Check out my latest video to see it! Like and subscribe if you enjoy the content  Have a great day or night y'all!
Beautiful  song !! 
Love. Love. Love.
Honestly my favorite singer ever
PUTANGINA ALEX!!! 1:58 PUTA PUTA PUTA PUTA PATAYIN NYO NA AKO
U2 is the best thing about me :-)
Thank you ultra music!
Luke Im The kid who texted you on messenger I love your songs I support you 
I was gonna be like cool song until I saw my little pony
Brilliant
That girl just became the most lucky girl ever!
thank you for being who you are
Is he wearing a Timberwolves hat? Are Wisconsinites freaking out?
Zion is bae!!
You never fail me...
talent at it's best. there's nothing this man can't do! an absolute legend!
He was always my favourite from 1D I love This song
dance party at HAIM's place
Great song

Damn. Reach is going hard this year.
No entendi nada meu povo t bugada at agr
Her voice is so clear, delicate

SHES SO BEAUTIFUL
RIP Eric the Actor
Hey I ve been listening it on radio lately....how...???
The juice. \n\nIs it tho
I would love to know who are the artists in this video and if possible recommend some of their songs?
- Eu amo eles aaaah brbrbr 
17:38 SMH at Rosenberg nah I didnt notice
Sometimes the things that dont work out, couldnt work out any better... nice line and great song 
She needs white dic
The big girls don't cry 2.0 
Thailand
Snapchat promo get that coin Adam Levine and Julia
New York as a whole fucking let everybody takeover not fifty
wow if only they had just played the whole album in one go and filmed it like this. that would've been amazing, gives it a whole new dimension, you get to appreciate the final product on the record much more after seeing it being finalized live in the studio.
Hell yeah.
I love it already
Tim still assaulting his fans
Love this song Jeremy, i like the Christian rock music rather than the waste of time NFL. I think Jesus is trying to tell me something amen!!!
nope....
YESS SLAY HUNTER, KILLIN IT \n\nproud of u x100000
<3
I agree about the product placements. I guess you have to pay the bills. I just listen to the song and enjoy.
God bless you Eric Church
the song is pure art and the official video is too , legendary
Exquisite
Lordy his soft voice <3 <3 <3
Zedd looks sooo cuuute
I got um all correct and I'm 12
My hearing is pretty janky and I still got 'em all right.
Who else saw this in their YouTube feed and though  awwwww yisss a new song 
Lucas Graham?!\n\nEdit:MLP!!!! WTF
Lovely
But seriously.....She can do both
I love how the second verse was a reference to Pinocchio's dad when he was searching Pinocchio but got stuck in the belly of the whale at the bottom of the ocean.
- Eu amo eles aaaah brbrbr 
Before 1 million
I missed it when he was a bit heavier bc he was cute
Youtube Video View Sell\nYoutube Video LIKE Sell\nYouTube Real Subscribers Sell\n10000 YouTube Video Views for $8\n1000 YouTube Real Subscribers for $30\n1000 YouTube Likes for $5\nContact Skype: blackhatabir420@hotmail,com\nor Email me mindhackerzabir@gmail,com\nWhatsApp Number +8801626800525\nPayment Paypal/Payoneer/Skrill/Payza\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(Don't Waste ur time Trying Contact Fb) facebook,com/Lioabir.Official\nKey4465HHjhu8555dsfdd
Both killed it usually I don't go for Crae but I liked his verse better.
This little faggot should be shot to death. Dumb negro bitch
shoot. my heart is thumping too loudly
I loves the vibes that come with this
I think I'd like to listen to his voice for the whole of my life 
Rudimental only launch great songs
Very nice
Like this !!......
Once again an AWESOME piece of music. That voice is just ... amazing.
wow wow wow. OMG!  yas!
Love you and your kind soul. Favorite artist
a bunch of weird looking old guys
Wow 9m

has anyone else played this song like a million times because I have
Music sessions with Hilary duff, Lindsay Lohan or Aly from Aly & Aj
i love it
I havent written anything good since you left im fucking crying
proud of you,nayel

She is the universe  incarnate.
Thanks to help me to make my daughter loving this Song.. She has the same modeling foam
Earphones must 
Why do I want my heritage celebrated? Everyone should be celebrated
Cantik banget !
I'm crying
She's an amazing person!! 
Policemen swear to god\nLove's seeping from the guns\nI know my friends and I\nWould probably turn and run\n\n I enjoy seeing lines like these in songs. Reminds me ahh there are still people who understand and can see through the blindfold.
Beautiful  He has been so merciful
This voice is pure liquid gold. I'm amazed
so proud of my baby 
Lovely song  on replay 25-8
Literally all her songs apply to my life rn  and keep up the good work Phoebe
I thought it was Jamie XX with them))
This song is Gorgeous
Every time you release a new song it just blows me away. Please get a patreon or something, or at least put some more of your songs up for sale somewhere so I can support you.\n\nI...didn't think you could outdo Outrunning Karma for my favorite song of yours. I was so wrong.
Ayy ese vestido rojo 
I'm from Ecuador  DM The best band in The world ...
This is real emotions . I'm glad he's trending , it means people are starting to feel and not just listen.  Thank you  eden !! 
Yessss finallly! \nAsdfghjkl;;
Butterflies talking animals talking flowers spider man running up a tree\nLike wtf
Omg I have no words for this amazing creation ! 

Now this is a collab I've been waiting for!
How can you sing literally everything!
It's... beautiful...

Awesome.
MXICO TE AMA 
I  Taylor Swift
Yo archie I cant wait to see you in November yooo!!! please sign my autograph
Damnit, who's chopping onions in here again?!
gucci mane bachelor party before the wedding 10/17/17
We love the Acoustic version of Perfect Illusion by Lady Gaga!
This is adorable. Great job!!!!!
watched your video watched you at the coffee shop stream. love your style and beauty.
JAJAJA Si ven que si se puede hacer una cancin en espaol que no hable de sexo en espaol, Grande Carlitos 
I love it.  I love the way her voice goes up at he start of the chorus from a melancholy verse feel.
1000th comment
the new stage name is.... YELLOWKREW
descansa en paz.cabron...
Pure emotions... the best band in the world
your voice is beautiful but your songs sound the same...I can come back 4 years from now (like I have lol) and your songs are virtually the same
such a good remix
Essa msica lembra the tide is high do blondie, at o toque...
His lack of subscribers angers me
NF has always been Fire 
This tune needs a video!
I miss the boys
Thought that was lil dicky in the thumbnail 
SHE IS THE QUEEN!\n\nAnd everybody Knows ;)
Great song. Love the aesthetics
i'm in love with this song
I want nothing more than to be in a Halsey music video holy shit
Check out these tracks!! Follow me @Officialtyse http://www.soundcloud.com/officialtyse
WOW WOW LOVE ALL THE MUSIC OK ROCK ON PEACE ALWAYS
Tragic. Not my kinda music but I know this song from one of my favorite episodes of scrubs.
srkt
Queen. Perfect song
WOW!
If i hear this song i will crying again
Unfortunately, the title is inaccurate, because she said she was 28 at the time; there's proof from the soprano herself. But, what makes up for it is the fact that she was told she was singing in the concert 4 hours ahead of time, which is even more impressive, I think. AND playing with the MET: arguably the best opera company in the world.
Bono is letting his hair grow.......kind of like The Fly had it.......ZooTv 2???
Taylor is the sexiest man on earth 
I love this interview by Miley this has to be  my favorite so far.
OMG I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH
flashing lights vibes
Miley is such a well spoken and down to earth lady , you gotta love her

Just an english comment passing through.
This ones easy!  It's a no brainer!  Why do girls wear makeup? Is it a mask? Or is it that they keep getting battered down and don't want to show the bruises
*we were kidnapping a person in the audience*\n\ncould've chose the wrong person tho
that last song is quite beautiful. i agree with what you said about finishing projects. even though every work can be made better, at some point you want to share it with people. so you must decide what is more important to you, perfecting it, or getting it out there. i believe the whole point of creating something is to share ideas & connect with others.
Grace , i want to just tell you that i honestly love you from the bottom of my heart . I can't imagine what the world would be like without you and your incredible voice & ukulele skills . My dream is to meet you and i really hope it does happen soon ! I can't believe you have made it this far in your singing career , when i am older i want to become a singer like you & write my own songs like you too!! I have been a fan ever since day one of your audition at agt and i have to say that i am just so amazed by how incredible your voice was and also just how far you've made it . Couldn't be any more prouder than i already am today . Just keep being you Grace and just keep on making all of us happy , continue to keep a smile on your beautiful face. Love you so so so much , you are my idol & you are like my best friend . #FanderWaalSinceDayOne #GraceVanderWaal #LoveYou #KeepBeingYou . Could this get like 1.1k likes please for supporting Grace VanderWaal and if you love her then please like this too !
Well I love it.  Kane Brown is a new person to me.  Love his style and his music.  Hope he goes far and stays popular for years to come.  This song is just wonderful.
bitch we are not even in halloween
Haters gonna hate
I want to see y'all play the Eigenharp. You'd rock it!
Do Neverending Story song.
Wow almost DDR new song ;)
Omg, ni 100 personas vieron el vdeo an
finnaly Khalid and marshmello
Can i get 300 subscribers for my birthday tomorrow?Can you make me a suprise on my special day?
will the new song be made in Bulgaria
Oh I love it!! 
Love this song
This is pure beauty ....  
ALL ABOARD!\nhttps://youtu.be/4iYBvh5_tlQ
finally a beat that i can sign to..
sorry all I think about is it puts the lotion in the basket
Beautiful
Video starts at 8:25
Loved the vibes in Empress
I didn't like Kane at first tbh, but he's sure changed my mind with a handful of songs including this one. Hope he goes as far as possible.
not even hallow
Old school vibes

Espaol?
Garbage Sells!
Yo put this on iTunes
Daaammmnnnnnnn this song is amazing!!!
at 3:00 mark,total hint of SHOUT by Tears for Fears. Niiiice jam..
Omg 
THIS IS SO GOODDD !! I CANT EVEN 
I absolutely love Kimbra \nAnd I need that dress in my liiiife.
My mom fell for this shit when I was a kid, she never let me play or watch Pokemon.  :/
too happy to me .-.
Absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU GUYS, AWESOME INSPIRING THE PEOPLE,  FILL EM WITH THE HOLY GHOST
I Lauv DJ Snake
magnifique so chill
0:14 I thought it was the father of Hannah Montana (Miley Cyrus) 
Even bts of Taylor are trending  .....  Taylor is Queen ..... #reputation
my acne is cured, my soul is blessed, my ears orgasmed 45 times
Been married 52 years and 3 children, 1 waiting for us in heaven. Years of magic, love, hardship, sickness, forgiveness, compromise, support, happiness, tears, wonder, dreams, and more love.
Im dead. This queen never stops being amazing.
Didn't expect a new song. 

Honestly I was expecting the song to be longer! But still, it was an honor to be a part of this video collab. Love you Peter!
This is my favorite song in the world
Not a massive fan but it wasn't bad
like this Johanne the skammer lol
i can see he took couple of pointers from BTS on how to make an good mv with a storyline. Where my BTS armys AT
hy im from indonesia
Damn good singer and a Damn good song has truth
Amazing song it's just phenomiNIALL 
Metendo a mo na massa
 you Pink!!
you are the special one Sia....
Lecrae trending !? Let's goooooo\nLet's keep it going
Dann, I don't even drink and this song got me in my feelings. Hahaa!
AYYY YOURE ON TRENDING GIRL CONGRATS
AMAZING. THANK YOU FOR MAKING MY DAY 100% BETTER.
o por dios lo amo demasiado 
body removal by\nhis name is jeff\n
oh God.. i feel u.. lets move on from aubisive animal and have a new good happy life..
I'm crying, this song is so beautiful! Praise The Lord for your heart Jeremy. The Lord bless you and your family always! 
Who finds Laura stylez boring as an interviewer, plus her laugh   so annoying
All of them r me jammin to this song
The Spark, Dear Desolation, Look At Yourself, The Great Collapse. Albums of the year. #2017
Dedicated to all the Mexicans who have become heroes in rescuing the country, it comes as ring finger to this song, if depeche mode gets to interpret in the forum sol, wow that symbolic moment would be in 2018
Ay am
King of rock and soul music
Am i the only one that identify so much with the lyrics of the song? 
It's 50!
Perfect
Thank you Sia for your voice and continuing for making joy in your music,  I am so happy you are still with us. Please Sia Stay with us. Thank Maddie for your performance, honestly i hope to see you in the Silver screen one day.
yes, if you're trying to figure out that youtube is an algorithm based on previous video views and snapshots of thumbnails, yes, it is true.
Woah.
Vergaaaaaaaa llegue bien tarde :'c
Thanks, Brad!!! You make everything better.
Chris young awesome music keep it up!! Your music is the best
So handsome and truly gifted
1. One on one with BON IVER??? THE EVER ELUSIVE ????!!1!!and 2. This would be very awkward and I would not approve someone putting a bowl over my head and banging it
im so over this monotonously, unoriginal lesbian trio of regurgitated 80s synth
MARAVILHOSA
Love Songbird Serenade
Omg Kurdish flag oh his arms 
j ur ex sounds exactly like my ex....I kno I can b trouble
When she took them  @12:57  lve all her songs and trip album
Pisa menos Lon 
This was so badass, yesss.
Tragic. Not my kinda music but I know this song from one of my favorite episodes of scrubs.
this is what I call infamous
I SMELL GRAMMIES <3 <3 <3
la vem mais um lacre !
Amazing Jhene. I would never forget the day we met and took selfies. She's such a beautiful soul
I'm so in love with the I wouldn't be EP  I want an album 
Mack is back baby!
Incredible realness in this
melangas 2.0
Sold out already :(

Fergie's flow much better than  flow of many new rappers
Im crying because im so proud of you ! <3
Quel bonheur d'avoir cette chanson en tte ! Un nouveau tube en puissance ! \nJe suis un fan de la premire heure et j'en suis tellement fier !
Vamos al por 1 millon!!! ^-^
I got a Wendy's commercial before watching this video and now I'm craving fries. Anyways this song makes me feel something. Wish I could see you all on tour.
Ser que conseguimos? acho que sim em, #GoArmys
This is amazing!!!!!
Awesome song! I have a feeling they is going to be an easter egg hidden somewhere in this video
una ves  mas lo isiste avicii
I miss a Jim Root :(
Just love for this precious man
So talented, thank you for continuing to make music, it's all so wonderful!
Shes so fucking beautiful .
France, Colombia, and Houston. Two countries and one city. Therefore Houston is her country
MY QUEEN RACHEL
They are so fabulous!
Well, this was weird
THANK U FOR BRINGING US BACK TO THE BADLANDS 1 LAST TIME
Lol It has the rhythm of a boyband song
Can all the fandoms just stop fighting?\nJust appreciate all the music and the work they put into any song, tfb and tp are both really good bands please don't fight ://\nEdit) but seriously, I happen to be a very big and supportive fan of twenty one pilots but seriously the Fandom was fighting with logic fans and now tfb fans, people do realize other bands are also assigned to fbr lmao, just appreciate the time and art they put into their music and stop fighting, both tfb and tp are amazing bands.
That's extra spice by ar mama
Gorgeous\n\nYou should take it as a compliment\nThat I got drunk and made fun of the way you talk\nYou should think about the consequence\nOf your magnetic field being a little too strong\nAnd I got a boyfriend, he's older than us\nHe's in the club doing I don't know what\nYou're so cool it makes me hate you so much\n\nWhiskey on ice, sunset and vine\nYou ruin my life, why not be in mine?\n\nYou're so gorgeous\nI can't say anything to your face\n'Cause look at your face\nAnd I'm so furious\nAt you for making me feel this way\nBut what can I say?\nYou're gorgeous\n\n\n \nYou should take it as a compliment\nThat I'm talking to everyone here but you\nAnd you should think about the consequence\nOf you touching my hand in the darkened room\n\nIf you've got a girlfriend, I'm jealous of her\nBut if you're single that's honestly worse\n'Cause you're so gorgeous it actually hurts\n(Honey, it hurts)\n\nOcean blue eyes looking in mine\nI feel like I might sink and drown and die\n\nYou're so gorgeous\nI can't say anything to your face\n'Cause look at your face\nAnd I'm so furious\nAt you for making me feel this way\nBut what can I say?\nYou're gorgeous\n\nYou make me so happy it turns back to sad, yeah\nThere's nothing I hate more than what I can't have\nYou are so gorgeous it makes me so mad\n\nYou make me so happy it turns back to sad, yeah\nThere's nothing I hate more than what I can't have\nGuess I'll just stumble on home to my cats\nAlone, unless you wanna come along, oh\n\nYou're so gorgeous\nI can't say anything to your face\n'Cause look at your face\nAnd I'm so furious\nAt you for making me feel this way\nBut what can I say?\nYou're gorgeous\n\nYou make me so happy it turns back to sad, yeah\nThere's nothing I hate more than what I can't have\nYou are so gorgeous it makes me so mad\nYou're gorgeous\n\nYou make me so happy it turns back to sad, yeah\nThere's nothing I hate more than what I can't have\nYou are so gorgeous it makes me so mad\nYou're gorgeous
What A angle voice By Thailand people
Trump never changed tho... he was an asshole from the rip... if nothing else about him you can say he didnt switch up
This made me happy. Very nice sing and the video was adorable!!!
Thank you SO much for sharing this!
Omg i like it so much !!!
It's something different, but i love this! Freakin' awesome!
Hino 
Ive waited so long for you to do this song! Its amazing!!
Looks like he had a bit of a limp at the end....
Oh I love it!! 
We're are we going you see beyond road you drive to
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXHwW5izN6o
sex video
gooooood <3
Absolutely stunning, fantastic!
WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT WOWWWW
Dance skills on point
subscribe to my channel
OH MY GOSH MY QUEEN SINGING MY FAVORITE SONG  love her so much
I dont need a reason\nFor what I became\nIve got these excuses\nTheyre tired and theyre lame\nI dont need a pardon, no no, no no, no\nTheres no one left to blame
holy crap this is amazing james.
Go to google and type: *gexxguides* You will receive the only working clash of clans 100% working secret in 2017
Omggg Aaaahh 
I was the 12 person who got the song and I got it at 6:00am
this is art
It's a Shame debuted at #1 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvQQJmWdtH8&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkNJxKEWzpbCsjabqOdjlmqd
Diplo is the best producer 
When your memorizing look what you made me do then she made another song again
THIS IS MY LIFE NOW 
Black and brown have always been on the same page. Some latinos who have been brainwashed by European cultural supremacy may feel like they're better at times, in order to overcompensate for their deep sense of inferiority complex, but the young generation in the US has always been confident in embracing its minority identity. Latinos, especially Puerto Ricans and Dominicans, have always been part of hip hop since day one.
Can't wait til Sept. 29th!!!!!! She is doing her thing again!
Awesome song
Great song. I love it. Lana is great for California.
I need this song on Spotify!!! Please please please
THIS SLAPS
*squeal*
A BITCH IS SCREAMING THAT BITCH IS ME.
Why the fuck does Brazil loves the score so much lol
lmao youtube is so fucking rigged... this channel has nearly a million people subscribed, and gets #25 on the trending page but can only get 30k views... that's like less than 5% of their entire subs even caring to watch this video which has been nearly half a day old... and gets advertisement on  trend while a ricegum video gets 100k+ within the first hour
I discovered you just a few days ago and girl I'm IN LOVE  this is a fave song so far, been on repeat for past 4 days.
Excellent Chatlie Puth 
Where HO? Ho-ho-ho
Better than despacito
slimy masterpiece,new album rocks!
YES!! Another last name twin!
This is so cool!
Love u Danielle   great video
I love you all 
Sam I live for your music 
Martin youre the best 
Somehow, I manage to be teary eyed at the end of every Johnny Drille video. Love you, man
why do i love him so much?
Best artist in the world....no doubt about it
Kelly is incredibly talented, classy, modest, gorgeous woman, and this is where I could continue, but.... Thank you for being honest about Idol and Dr Luke
sweet, i totally nailed it.. the 2nd to last one I was iffy on until I heard the final one
This is shit, smh this is the crap most people listen to
What's really respectable is she only talked about rejecting her writing credit for one of her biggest hits (My Life Would Suck) because she was directly asked about it, she wasn't trying to brag or show off but just bring light to an issue that is very important and relevant in the music world.
My Looord! These runs tho!!!!  they give me life like crazy...gosh!!  Love you Jessie ! 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
I love how the title says enormous feat
The llama suits made me so uncomfortable
Awesome vid thanks for making my day from the United Kingdom. Have a nice day 
I wouldn't hire him. lol. This is cute though.
Viva tiestooo
First thought it's remix of porter robinson - say my name
beauty
New music: very Good.
I queefed when I got the notification
hi I do vlogs and if you sub to me my vids will be good quality and feel free to comment what you want me to do.
eu o amo BR melhor som
Smart words as always
Sponsored from Ferran Adrian Texturas.
YEET
Wasn't expecting to turn out as amazing as it did. OK GO levels of awesome.

I LOVE UR SONG
q talento ajajajaj
Love this song, P!nk has never dissapointed me .
Bello! Che cita ?
this is beautiful
Blake, you never disappoint with ur new music; I loved it! It seems you like anything with pickup trucks and dogs in it; my kinda country.
Now this is amazing.
damn, not what I expected from them but my god his voice is still amazing
Oh my god, I LOVE THIS SONG! The rhythm is so addictive, this make my day 
Love it
Came here for X
Classic Tiesto video matches with the classic Tiesto sound
One of the best pop rock bands out in the industry today

She was pregnant and had an abortion. When he asks her who she wants to meet, it was the kids she didn't have. Later on, she's remembering when she was making her decision and he was pressuring her to have the abortion. It's why she says I don't want to do it and I don't know how to tell him and she has her hand on her stomach in the bed in an earlier scene. \n\nThe images of the kids are a life she could have had if she had packed up and left him. The presence of two kids seems to indicate it's not her first abortion. \n\nThe guy frequently seems angry and even sinister. The image of him staring up at the camera is referred to as a Kubrick stare in cinema. It shows evil intentions.
True, demi is better than Taylor swift
I like the part with Evan's stairs
Corey driving Vespa was the main reason why I watched this video. Oh God, he is very cool, man!
That jaw line, those cheek bones, that hair cut... Wait a min
I loved!!
Puto amo cantando espaol .
 mulher pra cantar viu! 
i swear it's really GOOD
Leave everything and take advantage of this opportunity It is a chance for a week before you and the end of the offer Quickly register and get the currency of WCEX free one week and put the currency that will compete in the form of currency German has a great future Use the opportunity and register and do not forget to activate the subscription from your email and all collected from this currency WEXEX The shares will be charged monthly profits. Register and publish your referral link for each assignment you get on 50 WCEX                        \nand this is the site \n  https://wcex.co/?ref=HQSvIUd
She was in my recommendations and i was like why mot and i think im in love
I love it 
Ahhhh loved it .... Tommo so proud of ya
This deserves 1 billion views
Why this song reminds me Troye-Martin's There for You???
Why just put slime in ur video lol
This is the new despacito
Je l'adore omg 
WOW
I just love Rachel shes perfect I like the way she sing and the meanings of her lyrics
i just love you, you are amazing
Love this!!
Wow...how much more money and attention does this girl need? ..
la la land vibes anyone?
Have never heard a song by Darius that I haven't loved. He's an amazing artist. Love him

Made me teary . He pour out his heart through music . we heard , but we didn't listen . R.I.P
Kanye was light years before his time. Everything being produced now he did almost half a decade ago. Kanye is the GOAT
i wanna fuck my girlfriends mout with this song
hot damn, that was dope
Oh yeah! The beats and the lyrics are just 
20M!!!!  We still have an hour guys.
50 is one of the smartest dude I'm still surprised he isn't head of a label or some kind of boss.   But he do whatever he want
Oml I love this song
yass it was uploaded on my birthday <3
Love this clip.. I also love the clip featuring James Arthur singing with the sun rise in the background.. as a James Arthur fan I'm so happy to hear the song.. it's great.
t amoooooooo
 !???
Saw the post about it
Slaps you in the face with a sub and a like. How do you like that huh?
Brasil 
Demi slayed those high notes
Love you Toni, but I don't care for this single.  Can't wait for the new album, tho!!!
Hola Hollyn!
She is so beautiful....
Espaol ??
This is so good wtf
Remind me about jessie j
Finally realized what is wrong with this ensemble. It is comprised of so many talents and skills going absolutely smooth into each other's musical texture that the final sound coming out of them is sometimes too brilliant to be digested by regular audiences who are focused on the Martin's presence.
YESSSS
People need to stop covering Heroes, nobody is cool enough.\nThis is garbage.
the song is very good, but it was not what I really expected.
Love your music!  Request (United We Stand) from Quest for Camelot. I think it's time for a little unity in the world.
So amazing OMG!
Kinda reminds me of Firefly
Linda!
YES
I'm insaneeeeeee! OMGG! THAT'S AMAZING, AS ALWAYS .
can't wait for the album to be release..
this  from wkwk land.
Brazil
Love love love!!!
Moar pls
check out my new musically on this song guys ... \ndon't forget to subscribe \nInstagram-kxrtxx.k \nSnapchat kirtee.nk \nmusical.ly - kxrtxx.k \n@musical.ly #musicallyapp
9 M .
this is absolutely lovely!! the sweetest thing!!
PH ARMIESSSSSSSS LET US SCREAM AND CRY TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
100 people gave up
Encore un tres beau rendez vous avec un chanteur que j'adore !
Billie becomes a badass 0:35
best song ever go Holllyn!!!!!
Lo amo 
Me encantaaa no puedo dejar de escucharla 
Alan walkers RISE UP TO THE WORLD 
DAMN IT THE LAMAS OR WHAT EVER THE FUCK THEY ARE,ARE BACK

Just pure awesomeness ... Alex once again you've created another hit... Ugh and trini's voice just makes my heart melt 
Fuego!
Wait I'm confused since I'm a new fan.\n\nIs her name Hayley or Taylor?
very nice song i love it, its similar to madness by the maytones.
i know that Avi is gone, but you guys still need a bass.
Queen of shading friends at the beginning of music videos
Plz do something about this video 
3:14 suboxone strip? At least we know the muppet  isnt gonna shoot up in this video
you should do the time warp
He should have dropped this video first.
So fantastic! Sounded so much like the older stuff 

Love his Amazing voice, love this song 
I love how she was asking if the host's dad is ok after the cancer. Shows she really cares about people even interviewers and not just focusing on talking about herself! :)
This gives me goosebumps all over :D
His new songs are garbage pop
okay but why tf did I cry watching this
Amazing
She reminds me of Jojo in this video. Like if you agree.
Hootie!!!!! Play the classics my man
Best ever ..
he's famous now... #illuminati
https://youtu.be/wtXL1hP8ohY
you are a queen!
QUE VIVA PUERTO RICO!
(blah blah)? :D
love you to the moon and back moz!
Whoo hooooo it
You were so obsessed with writing the next best American record. You did it all for fame. You did it all for fame.... tell me how life treats you now?
I love this song to death
Is this about Cara Delivigne?
liked it even before the video started :')
Eli!!! y Love you Brasil!!!
,-,
Like si vienes por miyitos :v
Black County Music

i love this is video very cool !!!
Are you an alien? No hate
Dj snake did it again amzing
Pisa menos Lon 
I managed to get all of them right!
this is pure shite. to say this is well written is an insult to all other song writers
Yeah this would've been way easier if it weren't shitty midi instruments.\nCrap test.
Pretty nice. Just sounds like all the new crap they putting out now days. No one is original anymore. It all sounds the same. Same crap different beat. I'm not impressed!
nickelback is back!!!!!
I love Kid.
I actually just got into country music and it's pretty good
I'm 6 hours early!!!
I'm a Weezer fan..went on first Weezer cruise..this song is pretty lame..most of the recent releases have been lyrically pretty crappy..almost like Rivers lost his edge for writing good pop singles. The alliteration is great.
More muppets in music videos!
fuckyes
STOP
Annie has lost her soul. I new it was going to happend because she chose to become a celebrity. Now she's just like any new pop star out the big money music factory. I hope she finds herself again.
 
I feel this video is a bit hypocritical, he's a Christian but he's got girls wearing short shorts dancing like that? I love his music but I don't like the dancing or the clothes
Now that's a pot head.
Wow son tan geniales *-*  me encanta como canta en espaol 
I love this song... and his sexy voice
i really love it!
I love John Legend! He is my favorite singer! As a artist myself, watching this just gave me a super good video idea, cant tell yall cuz you might steal it   also just finished writing a song about the current events of the world but not published. Check out my content tho when you got a moment!
I love this so much
Can't say I thought I would see dabbing in an xx video 
I love you j 
Yes you should have stood my friend :(
Perfect
I was hoping this would be that one song from All Dogs Go To Heaven...
HOLY SHIT THAT START
omg my gurl tay is not playing on this song, cover art on point, vocals on point, wigs snatched edges gone, ripped my heart out then put it bk in, tamar always ministering to my soul yassss
Hi. Me I love give me full heartthanks
Here before one million views; )
Amazing . All everything
Not because this song was so over played I don't even want to hear the lyrics !!
che tenero 
TWENTY SECOND COMMENT. YEEEEEAAAAAH
If someone would like to kidnap me a give me a one to one performance by Fleet Foxes, just hmu literally anytime.
I like BTS and i love jiminn
I Don't know her Gergia, Mariah is best
ARMY VOTE FOR BTS!\nhttp://www.asiaartistawards.com/vote/lists
imi fu-mei 
That I'd end up so (blah blah) LOL WHO DID THIS
YASSS
Love her
good stuff!
can't wait for it's video!!!
ahh :(
Fergie's voice is 
Happy
I see taylor with the fenty biiiiitch

What a beautiful song!!
yes im so happy they're back, they're so slept on
Perfect wedding song! <3
...beyond you and me\nI dreamt of us in another life\nOne we've never reached...
Damn diddnt know FaZe Banks could sing like that!
Not of fan of this or their last 2 songs! Doesn't compare to songs like Radiate, Torn Apart etc
yesss\ngood
Looks like he had a bit of a limp at the end....
song is a hit
Wow who are the 1000 goofs who disliked this?
AUs did usher QUEEN I LOVE YOU SO MUC MH MY IDOL
Su voz aun suena tan joven!!
Watching this with the biggest smile on my face. I just love HAIM 
Ritmo de la nocheeeeee https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QMKr_EoSWI
Justin <3
Damn boi, you've come a long way, proud of ya
New fav song
Not 1 single mention of Mary Tyler Moore. Disappointed
Kid cuck
Congrats muffin!!! Hope to see more from you. Such beauty and talent 
I'm feeling Ed Sheeran vibes all over this song
I like Shania but this was terrible. She never has been a good singer and you can hear that here.
She looks so nervous! So gorgeous though.
perfect song.. i love ed sheeran!!
Brilliant voice Sam Smith  beautiful song as always
Sign the petition NOW - Don't wait. Your vote may make all the difference! #MortalKombat #Chrome #MK https://www.change.org/p/netherrealm-studios-only-you-can-bring-this-new-character-to-life-help-give-birth-to-the-saviour-of-hinpar
Chris Young never disappoints.... Every song he sings is awesome
Absolutely stunning, fantastic!
she sounds like DEVIL after joining illuminati!
I love you, Jimmie.
Please do the time warp!!!
Anyone else after watching this, just really wanted to go have an adventure with friends???
What the actual fuck did Ijust watch??!??
i cant understand why delete the other video!! i dont like this video the firts is better!! ! i want  the raver video !! >.<
N
I knew as soon as I saw the braids in his hair it was going to be an issue. Culture appropriation is real, that is for the people in the comments saying its not. I personally don't think a few braids in his hair is a big deal, HOWEVER, just because it doesn't offend me. Doesn't mean that the people it does offend are in the wrong. So everyone in the comments telling people to get over it, you don't have the right to. If they feel they are offended than they are. You can't tell someone how to feel. I understand completely why people get offended over other races wearing braids and dreads. When black people wear these hairstyles, people tend to look down on them and  discriminated agaisnt. But when another race does it; it is seen as edgy. That is the main issue with it. Unless you have ever been judged or discriminated agaisnt for your hairstyle then you will not know how it feels. You have no right to tell someone what they can and can't be offended by. It doesn't work that way.
Jamie xx's music makes me want to close my eyes and start dreaming, the man can do no wrong
her voice is alike rihannas
I love this new song and you to Hunter Hayes we are fifth  cousins and you too I am your number one biggest fan
Nice sound
grammy NOW
Lyrics\n\nAll I can ever be to you\nIs a darkness that we know\nAnd this regret I've got accustomed to\nOnce it was so right\nWhen we were at our height\nWaiting for you in the hotel at night\nI knew I hadn't met my match\nBut every moment we could snatch\nI don't know why I got so attached\nIt's my responsibility\nAnd you don't owe nothing to me\nBut to walk away I have no capacity\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI don't understand\nWhy do I stress the man\nWhen there's so many bigger things at hand\nWe could a never had it all\nWe had to hit a wall\nSo this is inevitable withdrawal\nEven if I stop wanting you\nA perspective pushes through\nI'll be some next man's other woman soon\nI can not play myself again\nI should just be my own best friend\nNot fuck myself in the head with stupid men\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nSo we are history\nYour shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, in this blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nI wish I could say no regrets\nAnd no emotional debts\nCause as we kiss goodbye the sun sets\nSo we are history\nThe shadow covers me\nThe sky above ablaze that only lovers see\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, ma blue shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own\nHe walks away\nThe sun goes down\nHe takes the day but I'm grown\nAnd in your way, my deep shade\nMy tears dry on their own
Shins is one of the greatest bands that I love.
space, the ocean, Depeche Mode
Beautiful love song, and AWESOME SINGERS!
I love your voice and song
So good
Hola! Hollyn, I am latin, it was cool to read the tittle of this single :)
I'm so happy for her. She seems so at peace.
Wooooooooooooooooooow
Wow

The original mix is still better but this is a really good remix! 
Illeniummmmmm <3
Im a 17 years old kid and i like my little pony, thats normal?
Does anybody hear the beat from Factory balls from cool math?? Anybody ?? Just me , ok......
I can't hear Gwen . . . oh, she's the drag queen sounding bitch?
Wait was this heaven just released
lauving it dj snake 
42
I love love love this song.
Not gonna lie. After hearing Blessings and Hammer Time I thought this entire album would be garbage. But I actually liked quite a few of these songs. Especially this one, it's fire.
I love it!
10555
Why does this song sound kinda like 'How deep is your love'?
This is the country music I like. Not any of that bullshit country you hear today
yle eyler girsin trende. Ne gzel mzik.
Terrible.
This is sooooo good
I LOVE HER.
I love you, Toni Braxton! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4ulbZSXdQA
If you are reading this in 2069. I feel happiness when a set of intentional actions towards producing beauty outcomes in harmony and I bet millions of people feel the same nowadays... never mind the one who loves, expect, and helps to bring about chaos and disorder. They might have perverted your feeling about the truth. The psychological structure of happiness has just been posted on Youtube on 3 of October 2017. We are not here anymore and your books at school might show only the bad sides of human beings in other to replace us with robots, machines and A.I but we still can be connected if your heart warms up watching this video. That means the portion of your human nature was not completely overthrown.. LOVE is the answer!

Love this already, Legend never disappoints
I don't understand the comments praising this song. I love Weezer to death but as soon I clicked the play button I felt my life force being drained by how utterly boring and predictable this song is. Not to mention some of these lyrics, christ.
BOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIII
damn this sucks. mexican fender was pretty allright tho
HOW COME THIS HAS ONLY 14K VIEWS??? IT DESERVES MORE VIEWS.
Love this song and video. Chris is so talented and HOT! I'd love to lose sleep with you any night 
I love you 
Love!
Whiskey on ice, Sunset and Vine\nYou've ruined my life, by not being mine
I'm a man of the people. I go on the tube all the time. \n\nWhy is he so cute haha
Omg I'm about to freaking cry. I have tears in my eyes. lol
Her laugh 
obligatory here before it got huge post.
Stranger Think the opening theme of Stranger Things.
I love this song but can't they make some music where you're actually hearing their instruments those random guitar riffs and bass and drums? Like I know they have it in them to make more it sounds too computer right now
Beautiful song. <3
Yasss
hello friends im surprisingly early
love it
is this India
His voice is just different from what I normally listen to, it's deep. I LIKE IT 
This song is crazy catchy
Thank you so much David I supposed to click it yesterday but I didn't do it, then I listened to it today after I just fell, it made me strong, thank you again, for those magical words!! :')
I Subscribed!!!
Here before 100,000. Great song @Chris young vevo
Weird, reminds me of Nirvana from 2:55
I just cannot believe how timeless you guys are. The production, the collab, the cinematics, this video and song are everything. Also I cried when I finally saw you guys at FYF after all these years
KB is the Goat ! Cant wait  for the album 
This video rules but is so strange in a good way. You go Melanie
Ayyyyyyyyyyy, smoov...
I kind of here Jim Henson in this new Kermit voice. Nice work Matt, keep it going.
Dope song nice switch up.. I enjoyed the positive vibes on this one.
WHITE MUSTANG white Mustang 
Pff. Lol.
bang on Tiesto
The build up is on point 
Love this video, which tells a deeper story, and it is so so tragic.    \n\nJames Blunt is a pure artist.  Every song is genuine and from the heart.
Burning SUN!!!!!
cj confirmed
this is what happens when black people live in cold climates where white people come from. they become pale also after enough time living there by old age they are light skinned. look at nicki's pale skin.\n\nalso look at jayz and beyonce, from living in new york each year they get whiter skin, now they got whiter skin that white people almost.
What is the name of the actress? I want to know the woman's name!!!!!
so pure
Waiting for more teasers!! 
At least we're still alive. Thanks for the tunes (and the new album). <3
I comented this on your previous video and I'll do it again:\n\nI'm so glad... Welcome back
I can't whit to get your new album
I love you Gwen your Music make me happy 
the song is improving after 3:38 pm 
bummn
hermoso <3
What is this song about it seems like lana always got criminal and drugdealer boyfriends
Somebody scream !
It's a shame for people like this...beautiful voice and their music videos don't consist of someone showing of their money , I would rather listen to his music 24/7 than other dumb mumble rapers and singers
Her songs grow on me so quickly
still waiting for the other version
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
I love Carly Rae Japsen
AHHHH RAINHA
1:22 her hands were literally shaking 
Queen of make us smile every time she's on camera!
whats the song at 15:33?
That kind of man
I just realized that I follow you because I envy you :l
If I cover three walls of my living room in red roses floor to ceiling, will you come and play this for me?
I hope lauren is in the video of strangers!!l
Toriiiiii
I LOVE THIS
It took 4 mins to bring Thom to level 1.
Love this Brad Paisley!
Fucking killing this album!
King and Queen of Country music \n*country royalty*

Iconic AF!!! #SHOOK
This video makes me wanna dance! Well done once again Haim
I love Sias's older videos where you can actually see her beautiful face as she sings. Maybe someday she will grace us with her beauty again
hermoso <3
Nialls album is out todayyyyyyyyy
Ok still confused but before he threw the bag in the ocean he zipped it up and there was a head in it and I think that's the guy at the end
How perfect can they get?
Anyone else think that this was weird? I didn't really like it. I like most of the songs but the videos are odd. I guess maybe I am stuck in a younger version of them. Still love you guys. <3
DRAG ME

17:38 SMH at Rosenberg nah I didnt notice
First Like
NEED a behind the scenes! Loved this! X
Super dope slash #feelz
kiss my ass Gladly.
Read the title and insta liked this is amazing ty NPR!!!
great = ) <3 love Avicii
Jeremy you have the most amazing voice I've ever heard God bless you and keep bringing us your beautiful music
She was 28 you morons..
Amei, melhor cantora de 2017, vem para o Brazil Maggie ( Come to Brazil, Maggie, I love you. )  ^^
HOW DID HE DO THE GLISS AND FLUTTER TOUNGE OMG!
I L L E N I U M  I S  L I F E
So glad that she is back! Toni 
This is my favorite music video by far I love why don't we I watched this like a 1million times I love it and I love them good job in he music video you made like and I love it good Eli you did great ad good job boys on the song it was great I love and can't wait to see hat you have in store for us
Hey Peter, could you do Rainbow by Sia please?
Dis guy 
cada vez que te veo siendo tan natural y hablando no puedo evitar tener este sentimiento siento que te quiero tanto y que debo conocerte y aunque slo dudar un segundo yo lo voy a apreciar para siempre 
How can I buy your official studio album in Asia?
20th like
my aesthetic
Yess my Boys 
Twenty One Pilots maybe on hiatus but I have TFB to keep me alive
PMJ has done it again! I've always liked That's What I Like, but there was just something missing. Turns out that something is an honest to god band and a change in tempo. Also tap dancers never hurt.
As a single, yeah, this is weak. Moist makes me uncomfortable. But this is the same band that at one point put out Pinkerton. So like, maybe the uncomfort is intentional?
Saw you guys on the trending page and just binged watched 2 hours worth of your videos gotta go to bed now haha but definitely a subscriber! Great work 
Who gave him permission to write a song about how I see things.... love it
Viva Puerto Rico!!! God Bless la Isla del Encanto!!
This is so dreamy
I love her
I'm so happy that there is no hateful comment <3
Lotsa broken hearts out here.\nRIP TOM.
CAN'T WAIT !!!!  YOU'RE AMAZING
Look more unexpected music!! Not complaining 
Love
Prediction: Weakest M5 album yet.
Aaaaaaa Meeega 
Boy, I can honestly say that he is a living legend in music
that is adorable! XD
saudades eternas!!!
Jesus is the one who has loved me  unconditionally, never stop loving me lord, my king
Amazing!! 
<3 <3
 mulher pra cantar viu! 
N o T h a n k Y o u . . . . .
love it always beautiful
She is so sweet
This is showing that celebs are just like us because they are humans to, they deal with emotions. But they can have anything they want unlike us with the amount of the money they earn. I like this song.
0:35 - 0:41: well I really thought it sounds a bit like Born this way?!
GradeAUnderA made a savage comeback and pleased everyone, causing him to get a million views, YouTube doesn't care. This video barely has 100k views. How tf is it on trending?
banjo master
So good to see a top American salsa musician Fonsi supporting his country, god bless them and the USA. #USASTRONG
IN 5 DAYS I MIT HIM IN PARIS OMG

This just clicks with me and I don't know why
MILF
Here before 1mill
Bravoooooooooooooo 
My boo
wifey material
Wtf is that??
this song has so much love in it!! instant classic
This song is...SLAMMMMMMMMMING
His voice is PCP.\nPower\nControl\nPassion\n!!!
Latinos?
very cool song..i like this song...love from Indonesia...
He has done it again made me cry! <3 Thank you again Ed Shereen, for another beautifully written song! You're amazing!
Loved it.
Sorry Jeremy, I ask Jesus to calm the storm.   I rebuke this song, too many hurricanes.  Be careful what you pray for.
FUCK YE NEW SONG FROM HIM IMMA KISS HIM ONE DAY GO JUSTIN BIEBER
love ya George! thanks for the teenage memories mate.
She will be going against Sza in the Grammys In the R&B categories and that makes me sad.

Fell in love at 0.01
Hayley is hilarious and beautiful
*snatched*
when did she invent music!?
Oh damn, stop saying this is not their style!\ncheck out some of their older stuff and you'll see how many different sounds they have in store!!
When this album came out, it never left my car's CD player for over 7 months. The fact that he made the beats made the songs more appreciative.
Everybody needs a little room to make mistakes\nYou don't have to be so perfect\nYou can go at your own pace\n\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen you're tired and you're weary\nAnd you have no strength to go on\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\n\nEveryone deserves a little precious time\nTo stumble till they find a little piece of mind\n\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\nJust show me the real you\nSo that I can feel you\nI promise I won't let you down\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen you're tired and you're weary\nAnd you have no strength to go on\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home\n\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nLet me carry you home\nWhen there's no one to turn to\nAnd all you have faith in is gone\nLet me carry you home
Yes they're back and I'm loving the new sound 
The way they look at each other 
keep streaming fam!
Cute
Amazing Song. Love it!
YESSSSS
Kick back show tonight@7pm go download the power 214 app or go to www.power214.com come kick it with us you can also call in at 2147597797..

Even with 50 CENT in tha house playing the drums, Kelly sounds amazing!
Liam payne 10 new songs here  https://youtu.be/td0rXB-HUfc
660  people who have shit taste
Lets all cut the BS and get right to the good part 1:35
Well done guys!
I love how beck has included cosimo henri, and Tuesday in his new videos.
I got them all right. I wouldn't of guessed cello but because all the rest I was confident on the one I didn't know was cello.
These two go good together !
Garbage. Country is dead
He had the singing strong voice of a music demon,looks of an angel, and sadly passed away as a legend. Chester we love you man rock in paradise. Like Steve aoki said if you are going to listen to linkin park listen to it fucking loud, sing it fucking loud, and play it fucking loud rip chester you impacted the world with your beautiful music and helped many people from that deep dark hole of depression, sadness, and etc. Rock in paradise I may have not met you in person but just know you are my insporation and you felt like a friend ROCK IN PARADISE! 
kris, I love you
Nice song with your husband...
I love you
I love it sm!
keep jumping man~
May be Music gods open the gates to paradise. R.I.P
Barefoot on the clouds
fav song I love it
DAYUM that fine matching headstock <3
If someone would like to kidnap me a give me a one to one performance by Fleet Foxes, just hmu literally anytime.
Very good. 
Saw you guys on the trending page and just binged watched 2 hours worth of your videos gotta go to bed now haha but definitely a subscriber! Great work 
I'm even more excited for the movie now! I hope Discord, Luna, Sunset and Starlight are in it.
2030?
Idk who these two are but this is so beautiful and im in love with them
How is this trending
Who came here from TFIL!
Wooow, so Freakin lit
This video is on a whole other level!
Like it!
Don't get crumbs on the sheets
AWESOME!!!  Yeah Tove!! Lets put some red faces!!!!
The guy is killing with his voice here 3:48
BIG FAN!!!
This is the greatest video I  have ever seen
I liked storm better than this
I really like how she is right now, it's really authentic and honest 
Only bangers in this album !
I love this woman
This song is so powerful. I love it!
 
Muito bom amriiiii top top queria aprender toca este instrumento to lindo e maravilhoso cello lindo aarrrr minha famlia n tem condies de compra um instrumento destes buaaaaaaaa................ voc dois so abenoado por Deus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvJW-owAYUBc-QB_bbgk9yQ\n\nMeu canal se escrevi ai
Comeback of the queen
Damm this is freaking treading.
Yes good actually excellent
Shes SOO beautiful...........I love her and her music SOOO much
just beautiful 
Stumbled Upon your channel last night when looking up Anime themes... and I have to say... I've fallen in love! you sound amazing...\n\nalso, as a request, perhaps one of the Code Geass Openings.... I would love to hear you do O2
ugh finally <3
why always Illenium makes marvelous music
every song he has is great hes truly country\nluke bryan and brett eldredge are awesome but sometimes there music dont sound country but his always
You could upload really anything and I would love it.. The new songs are soooo awesome! I'm in love 
owww maddie
I rkn beiber would of killed this song
Amo muito muito muito forte *-* I love you Grace <3
I got them right, except for switching round the cello and the trumpet - and I'm not musically trained at all!
Stupendo bacio hai cuccioli di casa da l'Italia
What a good mother Fucking band is stonesour
Loving Morrissey for a quarter century...but confused at an archive interview, Jools Holland Later...c.1995; where Morrissey says Boxing is very violent..but I like it.. Like The Smiths sing, Fame,fame , fatal fame..it can play hideous tricks on the brain..I hope he has recovered...
Lit af!
His voice is amazing...this is way better than the album version 
Wow another amazing hit from a true role model. Outstanding job pink. Keep bringing them on.
I LIKE IT
isnt as bad as I thought it'd be
What
Love the song but not the video \nThe video is look to simple
Wow, I am speechless. I can't imagine how they felt recording this. What a powerful song, with an amazing meaning. And I love it. You know that this is powerful and full of compassion and love. With Tim and Faith singing this song IS giving me goosebumps. If you actually read all of this,  I wasn't prepared for that. Keep doing what you are doing guys. I think I broke the replay button.
THIS IS SO GOODDD !! I CANT EVEN 
God is good
7 years listen a song,my heart,ow my heart,,#ripchester
at first , i thought that she is Karmin
A beautiful concept to make a movie
Yes, I am a fallen angel.. This is my highway to hell death sentence prison i fell into.. I deserve the lake of fire.. I am a prodigal son.. i preexisted my upside down flesh snake skin birth.. my free will was in heaven my home i fell from.. I followed Lucifer here for prostitution and riotous living..By Grace through faith in Jesus Christ I am converted turned upside down again reconciled pardoned adopted and going back home to heaven.. I await the redemption of my body ... relationship not religion .. Lucifer runs all governments and religions.. NYC is about to die

Ah niente...
Man, his voice, his songs. 
The girl with orange hair reminds me of Hayley Kiyoko
ayyyy
Gotta make sure to listen to these when Christmas is coming!
can everyone go view my cover on my channel, you wont be disappointed :)
Really hits home for me for a different reason not love but me and my daughter
I will influence a generation of men who don't need guns to get respect..I will build up my community and spread the truth of all truths..you are more than what they tell you. Follow me and please keep up the pace. Listen to My Break on my profile. Thank you! Love is Key!
Wooooow 
what type of song is this ?
Monster mash is one of my favorite songs so I was a bit nervous to listen. But you have out done yourself. 10/10 would mash again. 
Yu th ny phi lm sao
(blah blah)? :D
Bad bad so bad
Awesome song as always!\nKeep up the fantastic work!\nThanks Hollyn!!!  :D
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  \n\nFor with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.  \n\nFor the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.\nRomans 10:9-11 KJV
80s vampire 
Laser fifteen attempt terror weak flow coat candidate.

When is he gonna release actually good country songs again tho? This doesn't suit him at all
What a load of garbage
1,164 dislikes ! No heart !!!
UAU!!!!! this is amazing!!!!
Pink can give any artist a run for their money.  What a beautiful talent
amazing visual jhene!! you made my cry with this
I'm glad Aaron Carters getting his shit back together
This is great! I'm having a tough time. This genius performance makes me feel better!
I LOVE THIS SONG
POP PERFECTION!!!!
meeeeew meeew meewmewmew meeeeew
I love his laugh It always make me laugh too
I love this song( Like if you agree)
Youngbloods: Such a good song we need to change our fan base name now...Pete Wentz: The Real Ones
my favourite
Omg omg. New video for x ambassadors and now this its been a great thursday
No entiendo bien lo que Dice, pero me gusta.
WOW. Amazing Song.
Dganme qu no soy el nico que lleva como 10000 vistas
The fuck did I just watch
Yeeees welcome back. :D
Dope af and lit af 
Que dicha que an exista personas no solo quieren fama y caen en el reggeton.
Why am I crying like a baby?!
4 out of 6, missed 2+5
Verre niche
wow, i can't believe this is still the same guy who did Mellow Gold, Still a loser, baby to me, this new stuff is way poppy
Wait so Lecrae just dropped his album last week, and KB is coming crazy with this. I'm not ready 
what does 50 mean when he says hiphop is a youth culture?
My favorite song on the album 
Old school style WOTE <3
i fucking love this song he looks so good omg someone said that he is a mail Adele
You are so perfect to me  Your Voice is amazing  , you are everything i wanted for my ears and my soul  \n\nI love u
What a lovely tune. Thank you for sharing it.
when whistle starts oh i am going to die later when music starts i am dead
Awesome song!! You have the perfects songs! 
Per presente , te amamos avicci <3
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK

good
my heart your the best believe just always in yourself . Best song

Your voice is amazing !!!!!
Craft Business - How to Start Your Own Craft Business http://bit.ly/2xx0wxk
Taylor is such a happy puppy
i love you Green Day
AWESOME
You sing so beautiful
Let's watch it till it will be trending 
This song is my life
ITS ON TRENDING IM SO HAPPY
anyone else not really like this? \n\nto me its just not his style of music
Thanks Apple new music  mix to help me bring here, this song is so dope! 
from intro ?   the end
I understand this.
Lit video I can listen to it all day keep it up!
This song, out of nowhere \nMakes me feel like a bobble head when listening to it
Not sure about this song tbh  but i love enter shikari
mm the colors are spiCY in this one
Damn them hoes
KB is BOSS! Crowder is great at these country/rap collars!!!
I love this song <3
Female Jim Morrison
wow
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
Chris voice  his songs are everything, he never disappoints. 
*Jesus is the Truth*
How I wish I could marry his voice.
this song I get over this very very good me facina and I love it I sing it all lung/////este tema me supero esta muy muy buenoo me encanta lo canto a todo pulmon god is good from (chile)
Only you Kermit with your beautiful voice, can understand my sorrows.
I love your songs Eli 
Spartan Trader Forex Academy Live Daily Trading Room http://bit.ly/2jUvBGN
listen to our music and subscribe to our channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC54hE4YlQVImZ8BnPdhz8BQ?view_as=subscriber
Been listening on repeat for waayyy too long
doo wop remake
Will this song come to google play music ?
No gostei da msica mais gostei por te gravado na Amaznia
It's a Shame debuted at #1 on the New Alternative 40 Chart this week:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvQQJmWdtH8&list=PLxlSBzMcrtkNJxKEWzpbCsjabqOdjlmqd
from the first album until right now I have undying love for this group, they never fail to impress
Excelenteeeeeeeeee!!!
Fall in love with her eyes
dolo Carlos vives 
So undone. So right here right now.
vai brazil
I thought this was really slow motion for a second xX
Mmmm, the way u move me...
Loseing sleep
im simple ass gay ass bich i see joan the scammer i mothafuckn click
You know, I didnt like 1D. But now that theyve broken up, their solo careers have produced some damn good songs. Yeah, you can call me gay for liking their music but I dont give a fuck. It sounds good.
Bro
I thought he was a rapper lol
God bless you, guys!
She is so amazing. <3
Man, It feels like this song is talking to me. Shit, I not ready to change.
I really hope this is a joke
GOSH ITS 30 MILLION VIEWS
Beautiful song. I expect great music now from Kesha 
LUKAS WHYYYYYYYYYYY
any other trinidadians watching this
He really should have had someone else do that opening and chorus lol he sounded horrible
This is the country music I like. Not any of that bullshit country you hear today
Estas hermoso beb pero esa mona arruino la mitad de tu video, solo quiero verte a ti
*Replaces the name James with my 's name :^) rip
1 wait for me\n2 Romoe and Juliet \n   I swear brother you are going  places  \nWe are tired of party jams lets listen cool music\nLike if you agree
AAAAAAAA 
I don't know how I've been living without this song
some solid stuff
  
Very good music 
The best !!!
Wow amazing !!!  Lo vi en vivo y los gritos que di al escucharlo cantar en espaol no los poda aguantar, gritos de emocin y de orgullo  Bruno te espero en Santiago de Chile el 28 de noviembre y sera fascinante que cantaras esta versin ac \nY aunque t digas que rey hay uno solo (michael) para m ya eres el rey de esta poca  \nGracias por deleitarnos siempre con tu voz 
who else just loves this song so much!
I love it
Dang! You guys are amazing! I cannot pick a winner.
La amo ojala venga otra vez a Mxico el otro ao
I know he always gets compared to GM...but he didn't have the vocal dynamics like GM has.\nThe moments to be soft and full blast.
I'm gone this a fuckin bop
Thank you Tom for sharing your music with us for so many years  We already miss you so much.
Better than pewdiepie? Your sub's are fake
She slayed it last night!!!
Still waiting for Adele to perform Freedom '90 someday!
wonderful Mr Cohen
Peace sign meddle finger rrrrrrriiiiiicckk :)
This is a child.  She doesn't know about ANYTHING yet.
Las Vegas Fakers, Fraud Money Takers!
A nationwide campaign is underway to nominate The Beach Boys for our nations highest civilian honor, The Medal of Freedom. This nomination is made possible by a petition that anyone can endorse.\n\nPlease join us in endorsing this petition for one of the most remarkable bands in our nations history.\n\nhttps://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/we-people-ask-administration-award-beach-boys-our-nations-highest-civilian-honor-medal-freedom\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/BeachBoysMOF\n\n==============================================================================================\n==============================================================================================\n==============================================================================================
Love this .... release it pllllleeeaaassseee
Joel  t voz es tan Perfecta  dganme si no, no paro de escucharla  me fascina  esto merece llegar al milln vamos #cncowners a reproducirla  #MAMITA
41 in Euro size is a 7 1/2 or  8 in US men's, because 42.5 in Euro in size 9 in US men's
Zac emotionless af
isn't he dead?
I have always liked her
Louis, this song makes me so emotional. I love you, 
I love this song 
Could not stop crying the whole time.
Add to ....\nMusic
Well I love it.  Kane Brown is a new person to me.  Love his style and his music.  Hope he goes far and stays popular for years to come.  This song is just wonderful.
YUHHHHHHHHHH
What he wants to do ? What she wants to do?  I was just listening the songs  my head is paining I can't understand the video 
Love
i love her so much omg
so incredible, so beautiful - you deserve the world
Now never miss latest songs videos,Now available on playstore.\nplay.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bhangu.diler.MusicTube
[Verse 1]\nI'm staying in tonight\nI won't stop you from leaving\nI know that I'm not what you wanted\nAm I?\nWanted someone who I used to be like\nNow you think I'm not trying\nI don't argue, it's not worth the effort to lie\nYou don't want to bring it up\nAnd I already know how it looks\nYou don't have to remind me so much\nHow I disappoint you\nSuggest that I talk to somebody again\nThat knows how to help me get better\nAnd 'til then I should just try not to miss any more\nAppointments\n\n[Verse 2]\nI think if I ruin this\nThat I know I can live with it\nNothing turns out like I pictured it\nMaybe the emptiness is just a lesson in canvases\nI think if I fail again\nThat I know you're still listening\nMaybe it's all gonna turn out all right\nAnd I know that it's not, but I have to believe that it is\n\n[Bridge]\nI have to believe that it is\nI have to believe that it is\n(I have to believe it, I have to believe it)\nI have to believe that it is\n(Probably not, but I have to believe that it is)\n\n[Chorus]\nAnd when I tell you that it is\nOh, it's not for my benefit\nMaybe it's all gonna turn out all right\nOh, I know that it's not, but I have to believe that it is
xdddddddddddddddddddddd
Who is christine???
Made me cry Not sure if I'm crying coz they super cute and so happy or coz I'm a bit jealous.\nIf anyone tries to break them up they'll have to deal with me they so cute man.
   
  
only few singer hold the voice as George Michael  song as him
so gut 
So shes 52?!!!
OML IM IN LOVE WITH THIS SONG 
, .
Hannah glows physically and vocally! Beautiful arrangement.
The video doesn't work for me.  Is it broken for anyone else?
this song really does remind me of the first time of being in love haha
me from me from Guatemala 
How is U2 a thing
well I guess it's true, Asking Alexandria are incapable of making good music. I've been waiting for more good music since Reckless and Relentless but sadly that was their last good album.
is that bon iver at 2:15 taking pics!?
Awesome ! 
Oh yes this is amazing
Whatever, I'm not crying,you're crying!
I love Stone Sour and even though this is not their best album, I 've thought of it as a very good stuff...until this fucked up video appeared, what the hell? Gimme back my Stone Sour, apart from this crazy shit video footage, the song does not even deserve to have a video. Get back Jim or rename, this is not what I thought it would be like without him.\nSorry for toxic opinion
1:53 The biggest team Millonarios 14
Sounds like the kind of song which would be on a TV show during a sex scene 
100%!
you are awesome jahan and yasmin yosuf
2 hours and it still 20M wtf youtube
I like the lyric videos that have little animations in them , they're great
i like the flute
Best way to apply for a job.
I fucking love him
RIP the time you could say new Weezer is as good as their old stuff 2014-2016
It sounds great love u both
nah
This was epic. So how about (it's terror time again)??
UOW! AMAZING!
France 
YAS DODIE!!!
Dope\nI lauv it !!
If you didn't like their slower and softer songs well I got news for their new album this is literally the heaviest song on the album
 y'all keep this up God bless
They are doing a meet and greet where I live...  but I'm gonna be camping in the Mississippi River delta
This scares me
Loved this 
Great song rip the Vegas victims
hun come to the philippines
Already!?
What does she do other then slut her body out. I mean her body is sexy but what music she doing or that anyone is even checking for. Her body sexy tho.. Good for her i guess. Talent?
This beat look likes Unikkatils musicstyle :)
   !! . !
thats weird, i didnt get notified for this video. but dang , this is badass
Amazing  \nAlex! Hey from Poland 
I love It!
Much love keep it up  God bless!
Interesting that in the cassino, there are five aces in the table, and the girl had another two in her hand. That's what I call luck!

Um amor pela Anitta 
love u!!
Oh baby that bass
Best song I've heard in a long time...
An no entiendo lo que dices, pero te amo :u 
Tell'Em Jared 
Perfect Collaboration! 
Melon is gonna tear this song and album up its gonna be wonderful
I wonder what Lesley is up to now..
I have watched this way too many times
So meta & love the aesthetics 
It's been 3 months and i still can't stop obsessing over this song. IT'S TOO FUCKING GOOD
Nice !
Dodie, you are so pure, beautiful, and inspiring, what did we do to deserve you?!? Thankyou for all the art you create for us, we love you  And Sammy, you did such an amazing job at directing this video, it's beautiful 
I think this is them reconciling their initial success, and subsequently moving towards making the less pop-friendly music that they really wanted to make, ultimately seeing a dark period in their musical development but taking it in stride to not hide in obscurity but come back strong and with a great new album that is both more conventional and says what they want to say.
Niall Horan you never failed to amaze us always

wow omg that beat was thrilling
Laqurisha.  Holloway
BANGTAN NAILED IT BISH
dumb
Promotional Offer: Free Iphone. Get hold of a new apple iphone every year. To register and receive a Free of cost iphone go to google and type: *givefonesaway*
shite
tbh I can't wait for the full album 
There are so many things about this video that make me happy and uplift me! Thank you, made my week! #TGBTG
It's basically the devil is a liar..don't listen to him.  He tricks us into believing lies. God is above all, He is everything beautiful. :)
Te souhaite Le meilleur Bro. 'La musique est trs douce'
I think of Minnie Riperton before I think of Mariah Carey......
Beck is always up to something dope
this song(+jk's whistle) is so catchy, i keep thinking about it
Needs fettywap  on this
Finally.....been longing for the video.....well done Johnny...
50 is pretty smart. Wish he never fell off, hoping he'll make good music again but you can tell that he's a real asshole lol
awesome song
Youre a couple months off Gwen...todays the first day of fall.
I have the Target exclusive Songbird Serenade  It was love at first sigtt2
never put you down!
My fav... feel like i went back 10 years back
Soooo we have 9m now and we can reach to 10m today tooo. Fighting ahgase we can do it They are first at MCountdown with 77,4%. But we have to vote on the other sides too. Let's make them win :)
This lyrics is so meaning
please don't broke with the fame and the money\n\n\n\n\ngood luck
Very good robot programmer behind the robots. Congrats for making the video!
Nice 
I . . . I . . . I FUCKING LOVE THEM!
Her songs dont get as much respect as Gold did....
Ross is looking HOT!!!!
That big black nigger, really scared me for that small white cracker
que hino
hot damn, that was dope
perfect
The video is cool and Nicki rocked her bit but other than that the song is awful. It just doesn't work with Fergie's voice.
Love it!!!
This interviewer is  asking the right questions and truly listening
Y'all never let us down
AMAZING album!  Checkout my FIRST REACTION to it on my channel! \n\nThinkin\nBad Mood\nARE BANGERZ 
Love this song, because it's so personal!not about love like every other song, but Louis explains his life and tells us, that just because he's a celebrity, his life isn't easier than oursthank you for this incredible song, Louis!
I cant get enough of his music omg
I'VE LOVED THISFIRE EVERY SINCE THE ALBUM DROPPE, SO UNDERATED
Anyone seeing them in atl?
Fucking beautiful
Dang.. KB ate that   
Okay I can't be the only one who thinks this guy is like to spitting image of Eminem,  like flow and look it's uncanny
Beyonce ha visto que la cancin lo esta petando fuerte en el mundo y se ha querido subir al carro, y a los otros dos les viene de perlas para que los fans de queen B los conozcan, bah pura estrategia todo para vender. La original de willy william mucho mejor ya esto se vuelve tan pesado como despacito. Ahora que hagan mi gente ft pitbull
Diddy's personal sex slave lucky bastard
Amour toujours 
Can u guys sub to me please I know the nice and generous people will help me out
Brad always keepin country cool. Looks a lot like my guitar in the vid. Brad if you ever read the comments my life long dream is for to sign it. You the man!!
VIVA RIO GRANDE!!!!
This a bop
I used to listed to Everything I Ask For, This Is The End & You Left Me (especially the last one ) so freakin much in 2008
I really love this. You are now my favorite.

omg, this song is so amazing, XO from Brazil
Love u AAAAAA 
Marijuana cigarettes I'm dead
Love the song. Can't get enough of it. 
dont you love it when two irrelevant slime balls collab bc same
 4k people hate this tribute video to the legendary Chester... I really can't find any words to say..
Nice
Seriously?!! 11k dislikes?? Are they deaf or something?? That whistle was killing me tho...
Like this !!......
Great tribute.  RIP Petty
This is one of my absolute favorite movies, the music for it was absolutely beautiful.
FUCK YES A NEW EDEN SONG!!!!! THERE IS A GOD! :D ily EDEN <3
AMAAZZINGGGG
Uh oh I'm here when something is brand new? That doesn't happen.
both of these mfs lookin like a all u can eat buffet 
Man this song really touches me it takes me back to an odd time in my life I love this song 
 amazing Nick 
Amy  Dua

This is the coolest performance I've ever seen!
Happy birthday lay... wish you all the best
Girl needs to update her iPhone :P
he is soo sexy
Thinkyouknowmusic on Twitter brought me here.
This song chang my mind i swear love my best .......
maggue rogers inspires me day by day. her music is so beautiful. so blessed to have found her music
this song sounds like it would be a good rock song in the begining and then the rest is spanish lmao.
So cool
 mulher pra cantar viu! 
I love
Love this so much !!!!
Yes yes.i love George Michael.
No precisava ter substitudo o outro clipe por esse,  s colocar que o clipe tem contedo para adultos, achei esse bem sempre graa. Fergie no est tendo sorte nessa era, posta vdeo, depois apaga, depois posta de novo j  o segundo com Already Know tambm foi apagado e postado de novo, a diferena  que continuou o mesmo no fizeram outro. O lbum  timo, os clipes tambm pena que essa era esteja  to bagunada. Sem divulgao dos singles, singles lanados do nada e ela ainda lanou o mesmo disco que vazou, poderia ter adicionado umas faixas a mais, sei que custou trabalho, suor mas no custava adicionar uma faixas a mais, tomara que ela relance esse lbum e futuramente inclua o DVD junto com o lbum.
I love this women with all my heart
Rip
It's cool to see the Intersection hoodie he's wearing. That venue is only about 15 minutes away from me here in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Performed by Depeche. Written by Bowie. Colored by Prince. Perfect.
WTF !!!!
She is really really really good! Bravo!! 
Beat like a x song
PROUD OF MY PUERTO RICO...STANDING STRONG TOGETHER...love the coquis in the background...I LOVE MY PUERTO RICO!!!!!
lol ur old guys
I saw Depeche Mode tonight in Dallas and the song is even better live in person. It was super emotional, especially hearing all the fans singing together with Dave; truly a beautiful send off from the band especially Dave who loved Bowie dearly. If Im not mistaken, Dave was asked to join DM back in the day because Vince Clarke overheard him singing this song. What a way to come full circle. Also, this song turns 40 today. Happy Anniversary Heroes. Thank you David Bowie. RIP Starman
The song's great, but Corey in drag? Way too radical.
Stop complaining about people complaining about the TP fans and enjoy the video
ahhhhh eargasm 
I wish one of those girls were me
To many trap songs sounds repetitive still like KB though.
New album is going to be great 
You guys have no idea how long I've been waiting for this song to come out  the girl can sing
WOW - and WOW again you guys are awesome!
Bravos !!
julien, i fucking love you so much.
great video. appreciate the message
sweetest thing I've ever seen/heard. wow
Sell out boys backkk
Omg so good !!!
1:26 is she gonna fuck a muppet?! 6:10 She fucked a muppet.....
They are super original !!
omg.
This is such an amazing song. The lyrics are deep.\nNow, these types of songs are the ones that make sense.\n'The Way' is one of my favorites. I'm adding this to the Camp List Favorites.\nI just got out of the hospital today and had this song waiting on my phone.
This song is fire af 
extatique
Nice song once again! I like how so many people can relate to this music, because a lot of people have felt like outcasts in their lives
Genial! Carlos Vives como siempre teniendo a Colombia presente. Que alegra.
I'm SHOOKED, Thank David :)
fada do pop que merece mais reconhecimento
Absolutely beautiful
I'm all about pride!
I understand that she need more squads for kim but I didn't expect that she is making her own instagram LOL
How do I feel you ask? Well I feel like your art is beautiful. This is a great album!
Now accepting wife applications..
Go Annie go. Her new stuff is so killer and shes just so unique and badass.
you're so beautiful
Sober Selena Gomez
you know I'll never judge if you don't judge me....
lovelovelovelovelovelove
This girl just brings the JOY! Love it!
Sounds like rockstar by nickleback
Mi barrio 
wow! love this so much!
Bass bass bass bass the best
You won't see radio/TV stations play this kind of songs cos it does not display chicks, liquors, money and cash. Good one Johnny, thank God we still have people like Dare Art Alade in the industry.
I like the main riff.
No, YOU cried watching this video!! 
Why are they so good? FML gonna die from listening to them so much! 
His voice is sooo sexy..
Love her so much make sure to check out #youngernow !

seriously I feel guilty that I haven't commented in any of her music videos ..this girl is so special ..literally she never disappoint you at all   
iine!!
Beautiful
Dope
Absolutely nothing happened. 
Happy Birthday 
Wow, it's so cool music.
Can you please publish with English subtitles?
how am i supposed to compete with this ffs
Also was anyone else's video not synced to the audio? The video was a bit ahead for me it was distracting
consider starting a vegetarian diet
nice to hear them singing together again.  Love the song!!!!
I thought liberals hated Christmas , now they want sing Christmas songs
Dem genetics doe.
N sei como vim parar aq, mas n me arrependi
Much love Gucci Mane $ Ty dollar  it's definitely enormous
Performed by Depeche. Written by Bowie. Colored by Prince. Perfect.
It just took my heart.
https://soundcloud.com/private-associate-group
*goes on instagram once*
Also I just woke up, so it's good to get surprised by the a new shins music video.
sounds good!
love this song
Ahhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Recin tengo seal y me doy cuenta de la nueva cancin!!  Dios me encanta 
This is 100% correct.
Stranger things trailer later today xD
Amazing!! 
I LOVE YOU DARLING
Me encant... 
I find that final image rather odd, of Mr Cohen sitting on a cross.  He was a Jew who followed Judaism, as well as being a Buddhist monk.
Shes sooooo white
Brava
qui est le franais qui a fait la traduction que je lui fasse un clin !!! XD\njtkiff Tho Pbx
this trash is view botted
An advertisement brought me here...thank you
Wow this is nice, the strings, the background harmonies, her sultry voice.  Amazing!
Why so skinny now?
I swear to god this girl can do no wrong. She's the best most underated singer out there.
Wow, I bet this chic uses a ton of toilet paper.
who's the dude singing?
This man will never disappoint any country music fan. Honestly greatest of all time of this generation
OMG SLAY
Nossa coisa feia menina cante msica em portugus e melhor pra vc ....
when cole started rapping i was like finally... TT
she is a gift, just a lil slice of hope in this dark world
Last 48 hrs i am listening this song crazily, non stop, she has such a unique voice, i loved 
yall mad at the crowd but nobody knows the shit she singing. the songs sound pretty good though, her performance was lackluster though lol
OH SNAP FIVE YEAR OLD ME IS SCREAMING \n\nI love WY DON'T WE NOW  \n\nI CAN'T  LEAVE MY BOYSS  \n\nbut dam
Otto Knows is back! awseam remix man!
I absolutely love Julien Baker and gave this song a like just because her work is so amazing. But i'm sorry... this is not a good song.
I love it!!
https://youtu.be/zJiBEMBa3ME
OH MY GOSH MY QUEEN SINGING MY FAVORITE SONG  love her so much
Nevermind its 2:05
perfect
bed liryc whors video, why idont hear gitarsand drums ? it is soft fisco nothing els. vote down
Come like a stormCome like a crashing wave Hallelujah thank you Jesus 
muy pero muybien, Q.E.D. GENIO.
MLP movie 2017 
I love this!!
If this song was playing on the radio when I was driving in my car to work I would crank it up as loud as I could I love it baby.
Another rock legend gone too soon.  \nRIP Tom Petty 
MGK!!! 
Bye Tommy.
https://youtu.be/PpHprNHLrUc
A1 transition
It's incredible !!!!!!!!
Hollyn's songs honestly speak to me on a personal level, I love all her songs, if anyone asked what artist I'd recommend I'd pick her no doubt. (Or TobyMac, I like them both XD)
What's really respectable is she only talked about rejecting her writing credit for one of her biggest hits (My Life Would Suck) because she was directly asked about it, she wasn't trying to brag or show off but just bring light to an issue that is very important and relevant in the music world.
he sounds like the dude that sang rude
ITS TRENDING!!!!
this song like old song
Good track !!
Good job 
this song is good
this kind of looks like a bunch of camp counselors have abandoned all the children
Me encanto!
so underrated.its so sad they deserve so much more
THIS JUST ENERGIZED MY DAY!!! YES!!!! #Crowder #KB
You're one of very few artists, who's songs i can instalike without regrets <3
Left me thirsty af. Now on every day is leg day!
Beautiful Trauma is the best of the 3 known songs so far. Hope there is some rockier stuff on it as well. Dont want her to sound like Katy Perry.
Now actually, this is a real good number!
I believe in us....  <3
If dodie says she's just a 6/10 then i'm mother teresa
sounds so current yet still very quintessential Toni Braxton. I can't wait to hear this live!
Damnnnn! Chilllllll
This so is just for good with headphones <3 Marshmello
THIS IS THE BEST
I really don't like this video. I get it, on the face of it. But I don't like it. And for all the charms, in particular from Bono...I don't get the charms.\nThe song I'm not sure about. Songs Of Innocence is great cuz it couldn't not be, but it's also near the bottom of the canon. I hope this album doesn't follow that direction, because waiting years for a U2 album means I should get something in the top 5.
I love
Great Ed Sheeran's song! They sing it wonderful...
Fucking awesome
ADDICTIVE! Loving it & all of your music, for that matter!!! (repeatedly)

why isn't this trending?
but can we talk about those dogs for a minute
pink is always always damn always superb in writing and composing her music!!!\nhands down!
I'm so in love with this amazing beautiful woman and her beautiful music. Emotion (and side B) were great albums in my opinion and I cannot wait to hear whats next!
If you come across and want to see designs hit dkirkdesigns.com\nIf you want to hear music hit https://soundcloud.com/dkirk94\nThanks for being so kind everyone!
jessie ware is QUEEN! 
And released on Mexican Independence day
What a gay white knight song
Shout out my channel caleb elder I sing country I am a young artist I don't have anything to do it with except a phone
https://youtubem.video/r/?0Pr0v7FiTONNsiSNaCMwMGZ1mpdq9Ug=MxLkV5tRvjHDrB4srt
1:07 fake plastic trees market car
It wasn't looove it wasn't looove it was a perfect illusioooon
FINALLY!!!! There's been a Walk The Moon shaped hole in my life, and this song is a blast!
 Lay you cutie!
Amo toda t msica 
I love Weezer, I love summer, but why do they only make music for this season??
Masterpiece
Fake trending BS. Less than 60k and its been up for a day. How much did you pay YouTube for fake views buttwipe???
Video Concept: BETTY BOWERS does the new intro for a NIP/TUCK series revival.\nMake meeeee beautifool...
Charlie Puth Lyrics \nOoh, yeah\n                 \nI'll admit, I was wrong\nWhat else can I say, girl?\nCan't you break my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right\nBut I promise there were no feelings involved\n                  \nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show? Yeah\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n                \nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n                               \nI'll admit, it's my fault\nBut you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once\nI tried and I tried, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only I wanna love, ooh, yeah\n\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n              \nHow long has this been going on, baby?\nYou gotta go tell me now\n             \nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show? Yeah\nShe said Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nWhile you're calling me baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\nHow long has this been going on?\nYou've been creeping 'round on me\nHow long has it been going on, baby?\nHow long has this been going on?\n(You gotta go tell me now)\nYou been acting so shady\nI've been feeling it lately, baby\n\n CHARLIE PUTH FOR EVERRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!
I thought this was about a woman on her period dancing.
where have i been??? yaaassss Jessie J. I cannot take this. Perfection
Brah this is soooo lit!! Feel free to check out our reaction to this dope tune
Amazing 
Where was I when this track first got released? Ain't never too late to appreciate such killer vibez<333
0:51 nice eyes jajajaa
The visuals remind me a bit of Ratatat - Pricks of Brightness
Where's the video!? :(
A little crunch in this pop
Everytime I see her sing I just wanna give her a big hug.
Slim Sadie 
Johnny is something else. He didn't win the project fame but came to the academy to educate the contestants. #Bravo. More grace brother. Greetings from Italy
Eight of us travelled 6000 miles (us 2 in an RV) to see Tom Petty and The Heart Breakers at Red Rocks,  May 30th, 2017. Not sure we'd do that for another artist. RIP Tom and TY.
Never fails to impress me, btw when are you touring?
idk
THIS WAS BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!! QUE BONITO OML
she starting to look like michelle rodriguez daughter or sister. she too fine.

Has anyone else yet noticed that Taylor and Joseph Kahn stole from both Nicki Minaj (No Frauds) and Fergie with the throne, and from Fergie with the Look what you made me do line and a similar line to Now let's have a feast (locked me out and threw a feast) and is now trying to copyright Look what you made me do? (Somebody may be pissy that Kim K was in M.I.L.F $..)\n\nSo that's 3 artists whose art space has been stolen from in LWYMMD  noticed so far (Beyonc was absolutely stolen from). This song and visual was completed way before LWYMMD and how convenient it was of Taylor to release her song with stolen material a month before Fergie's well known and much anticipated release date.\n\n I guess attempting to knock Fergie's 11 year album wait out of the way makes room for Taylor to outshine and be comeback of the year huh?..\nSo many people compared Taylor's Look what you made me do vocal sound to Fergie (especially the 'do') and now we know why!! Don't even need to go indepth about copying with Ready for it because the attempt rap and overall sound is that obvious relating to Fergie. Fergie publicly acknowledged that Beyonc inspired her in all areas concerning visual album so the least Taylor can do is acknowledge that Fergie inspired 2 of her songs (but then again, she can't acknowledge LWYMMD then she would be outing her thievery when she is supposed to be playing the badass victim now, so calculating). \n\nBeyonc is a very inspirational person so I can't fault Fergie for having great taste towards who is worth being inspired by and atleast Fergie has the respect and decency to not take all the credit for the visual album idea (Fergie being the humble respectful person she is chances are spoke to Beyonc prior to anything being done about a visual album). Taylor would sooner take all credit for other people's material/inspiration.\n\nTaylor also knocked off No Frauds by Nicki Minaj, Drake and Lil Bow Wow with the opening sequence with throne, snakes and the room set up with Chandeliers, it's evident in the first 10 seconds. Nicki did it first.\n\nFergie is friends with Nick Minaj and Nicki would have approved the throne being used.\n\nIf anyone needs more proof from Taylor knocking Fergie off, from 1:35 to 1:38 in this clip Taylor mimicked the the gun hand movement in LWYMMD when she was in the bathtub of diamonds and dollar note. Again, Fergie made this video clip first.\n\nFergie, you're a vocal true original so just keep on slaying it!! 
6 in your only one....\n\n
This song reminds me of another song but I can't remember, especially the Chorus, can someone help
Girl say I look like Julien except man. Julien remind me of girl now, especially the gas station scene because once I thought i saw girl at gas station and i often depressedly look at my distorted reflection in car window at gas station too.\n\nI miss girl somewhat :( so sad
lovely
Romeo  yelle \nBesos desde mexico
I'm enjoying this new direction. It's not as heavy as the older albums. Better they try different directions and styles than stay stagnant trying to please fans who just want the artist to do the same thing again and again. Why can't people take a detour and try something different? Whether it's a different sound, visual or experience. There are always going to be some who stay in the past and are unhappy when artists change and experiment. And so what if St.Vincent wants to try performing on her own or offer a different experience? I'm glad when artists don't stay stuck just to please. Annie is trying something bolder, brighter and clearer. Observing different things now. Still staying true to her guitar. But I do understand sometimes people just don't dig something and that's fair enough. There's a beauty in difference of views and opinion.
Why do yall always have to point out the negative shit? Anyways... you did great tootsie 
Man I wasnt ready for this...they should put Jane tint he dictionary in the sexy definition. THAT WALK  shit aint even funny! this is RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0:23 j pode devolver as panelas aqui de casa
This is amazing!!! Good job everyone on Pentatonix with the awesome music!!!
Thisss\nIsssss\nTrashhhhh\n\n21 21 21 SaVaGe
I love lecraes truth and transparency. He is indeed my favorite artist. And i really could care less who thinks less of him. People say he's changed. I say change is good. Especially if it means you've grown as a person. Keep dropping them gems my guy.
Peru is here 
Charlie its Charlie... 
I love it like every song of you 
ITS NOT EVEN OCTOBER.....BUT THIS IS STILL A BOP
Hello
THIS VIDEO IS GENIUS
Not a fan but damn that was cool!
She looks like Selina or cat from Gotham
I fucking LOVE THIS. This reminds me of Brns
I'm really not a ballad-person but there is something about this song that makes me really like it! I can't wait to hear more
LOL put the speed at 2
Great job louis  keep going 
I didn't even listen to the song and i knew it was gonna be a bop
The song is terrible, but the video... it is ingenius!
Te amoo
Man this is goooooddd
Today was such a shitty day but this totally put a smile on my face.
wooow
Were all so proud to be part of this! Well get to see you grow and grow up at the same time as you and i think thats just awesome! I can imagine in 10 years, well hear you on the radio and remember how it all started! But as of right now, take your time and make sure you dont get overwhelmed; keep doing what you like to do!
That girl looks like she wants nothing to do with this music video lol

This is one of those before it's time albums
Me llego notificacin de esto y ni siquiera estoy suscrita\nSoy la unica? :v
RIP ...
Very Country
Life's too short
Makes me feel good
Very exciting and beautiful, Peter, I'm crying <3 Congratulations on your amazing work and partnership!
48 on trending
She looks amaiziiiiing 
gxmas 
Itss Ethan
Start the video at 1:50 seconds, girl Goes HAM!
Guess what...?\n\n\n\n\nCHICKEN BUTT!
I lived to see Beard Guy shaking...HELL YEAH!
I miss Blue Oyster Cult
Love you Taylor!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm dabbing so hard my hands will fall off
PERFECTION!! Can't wait to hear the whole album.
Feel SO heavy after listening IT
after watching 1 min of video my modem went offline, i had to go to my friend's house just to finish the video.
Yessss finallly! \nAsdfghjkl;;
This song will get popular in a few days
Darius never disappoints! Better than most country artists. So underrated.
sabrina carpenter should put this video on her channel would be more famous
Love  Adam awesome combination of greatness
Listening from Bolivia 
Thank you for always loving me Lord God!!!! This song is true for You and I Lord!!!
I really hope Tamar doesn't retire. radio sounds so horrible and she us actually one of the few artists that can sing. Tamar music will become classic . The kind of music that will be remade by other artists years from now. I know Taylor Swift and Beyonce rule right now. But anyone who truly appreciates good music knows there is really no comparison

Ted bundys version still better
sub i'm
Parecendo criana esperana kkkkk
I love this song
Don't understand, why people are saying this song is bad...
Is it going to be a game?
I had to listen to this song 4 time its a really good song but it is sad
This explains why its still 97 degrees in September. Pure fyha!!!!
The interviewer looks kinda like Kian Lawley 
Cool song I like it and u are pretty I am  jealous of u by the way I love u and ur photo
Whr is dis song??
Maroon 5 - What Lovers Do ft. SZA
This song would be great with more guitar!
Excited to hear the new album!
WoW!!!
Minha nossa, qual problema dos brasileiros? vergonha alheia com esses insultos desnecessarios quando veem algum alcanando algo maior.  eh q nem as vaias nos jogos! acho isso to ridculo.  parece que no deixamos de ser homens da caverna
Nossa foda
Who else hears Travis Adlibs

I loved it so much! wonderful job <3
I just love this dude so much. He's fantastic, humble and a fantastic singer and actor. Love the new song and pleased to see how good it's selling on iTunes. I hope radio adds it and it is a top ten hit on Billboard. The sound is kind of muffled in this video but it's great footage. Thanks for posting this! Btw, the official music video for Find You premiers today.
Calling it now, C-3PO is actually a Porg piloting a mech.
Does the main chorus remind you of the end of the video for Sober Saturday Night?
Wow, love the song! Check out this group Head Noise below too, pretty quirky electro-pop also :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDKts5guMOU
I love this song and I love you
::: Look What You Made Me Do t-shirt :::  www.amazon.com/dp/B0755GSX2Q
It's really good if you don't go in thinking it's gonna have the same sad sound. But if you listen to it hoping for something different you'll like it
OMG
I'm laughing
Joey Barton.\nThe thinking man's twat.
From the live yesterday & I love the video 
The Victoria's angel secret lip sincewas better than this video
Amazing woman! Her ideals are really strong.
All the people in the comment section are in denial because this song is actually catchy. Y'all just mad because it's Daniela's song.
love u
hell naw!!! hellllllllllll naw tf you mean!! #only1riri
Was that photographer Jesse?
Trending
Thanks for all the memories, and the way your music made me smile!
DOPE------------------------------------------- SONG GUCCI MANE AND OFFSET. MIGOS.
[Intro]\nAlright\nOoh, yeah\n\n[Verse 1]\nI'll admit, I was wrong, what else can I say, girl?\nCan't you blame my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right, but\nPromise there were no feelings involved, mmh\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\n\n[Verse 2]\nI'll admit, it's my fault, but you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once, mmm\nI try, and I try, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only one I wanna love, oh, yeah\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\nHow long has this been goin' on, baby?\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh, you gotta go tell me now\nOooh-ooh-oh\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nAnd you' been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\n(Ooo-oh, yeah)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nHow long has it been goin' on, baby? Oh\n(Ooo-oh)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\n(You gotta go tell me now)\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby
I loveee it 
damnn my ears have been blessed
Hey you can look at my slime vids any time have a goid night or day and i like this vid
Yaasssss ,
Could someone explain why Hispanic Heritage Month is split up between September and October rather than picking one of them?
I like this, for some reason this gives me a Drake vibe
SUCH A GOOD ONE!!! So proud Sarah!!! <3
amazing song, amazing woman
truly an amazing track stick to ur dance my friend voice of a god keep up the awsome work mint xxx
Damn, Stitches got pretty Sentimental in these last couple tracks.
Can I hire Corbyn to mop my floors?
This should be number one on trending!!
Tamar you are Da shit!!! your vocals are off the walls!!!! and you give us that heart wrenching music we so love and miss in this day and age. it is definitely not time for you to be hanging up  the towel, especially since you have fought for this for so long. But we understand that family is important to you than the music business. you truly are a gift and I'm really sad that this is your last album. but for the bowout I do pray you get that grammy for best R&B  vocal performance  you truly deserve it. who? in the game right now can sing like that or hold a torch to you. you are truly loved by many and have touched and  inspired many.
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN!
Bello! Che cita ?
I hope TFB come to Corpus Christi again I want to see them again 
HOLY CRAP omg this is literally gold omg how even...
About damn time
Nice song. I love a good song to vibe out to. 
A very nice come back
My band is back! !!!
So much positive
Ayyee!! Its been 3 days and its still trending!!!!!!!!!
thats my fav band i was really searching for....guys thnku soo much...
she starting to look like michelle rodriguez daughter or sister. she too fine.
RIP Grant.  Your music helped get through some tough times
Who here before this video hits billion views 
fuck i love this
His laugh at the end
Oh \nI wasn't crying until she cried
Foi s eu ou vcs tbm perceberam q na hora da queda da mana tem um cara sentado no cho (Entre os minutos 2:41 a 2:45) No entendi?
Ive probabaly put 1,000 views on this vid
She was such a fan she taught iman about basketball lol
I loooove this song....not all songs, James is the best
Sorry Carly, but this is too basic.
Give me a Wakfu cover somehow, pls :c
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus Christ! He LOVES you! Believe it! Don't listen to the lies of the enemy, Jesus is not angry at you! Call upon The Lord today, and become free from your sins! \nJesus delivered me from my old life! I have peace and joy now! I want you to experience the same!\n\nJesus died for us! This alone shows how MUCH The Lord loves us! So come as you are, and let Him wash you! \n\nI pray you make this moment you call upon Him, because you may not get another chance! Tomorrow is not promised to any of us, however, free salvation in Jesus Christ is! Hallelujah!\n\nShalom, friends!
808's changed music more tho
When is this going on Spotify  I love this song
Nice hear this
Can you imagine the much work involved (shoots/make up/ dresses) to make this video ? She's the most hard working artist currently...
01:20
Amazing video you inspire me everyday to be a better person your amazing 
Gotta talk that
Manila is still waiting for you. <3
Kris wu 
Um lacre  um lacre n meus kiridos hahahah 
No consigo parar de ver. Eu amo essa msica 

i love this song
What a shitty car in an otherwise great video
Piece 
everyone, even god has haters, thus now i really don't care for haters.... they gonna always hate... n some will always put a hurdle in your way, some will try to take credits for what is your piece of art.... but never worry. they cannot last longer. god watches everything. finally, me a swiftie... love TS!!!
SOUNDS LIKE BURNING SUN!
Wow OMG!!! I love the song! And your voice is just beautiful!!!  Congratulation!
1:55 sugg life merchandies 
Wait!?! So how did the kid die??
Hope he doesnt beat her up
This shit
Sigo esperando a  nadie como yo 
Such a powerful song, such a deep lyrics.. such a mind blowing and touching voice. so many emotions.

I didn't know Chance The Rapper could tap dance?
Princess of country back \nShania is awesome
Trash I rather listen to farts
The band they used for Grace today should be the regular get go from now on.
major goosebumps...WOW!
ABSOLUTE PERFECTION
You suck and you're a faggot
When she said Adele 
Ebro PLEASE Yoouuu know she wouldn't be on your set if it wasn't diddy's Bitch.Diddy want men not chicks that's a cover up and we see it.Bought loyalty
Top downloaded WOTE on Google play (just downloaded it myself) Very cool all the proceeds going to the Heart and Stroke Foundation :D
Legands are come back
And  there on gay looking mopeds lol
Always giving my soul wings & those feel good vibes :)
This songs makes me cry. Girls, I love you very much, thank you.

only the people who lives in next to Puerto Rico? ??
Finish This Line.                                                                         *_Who Cares If One More Light Goes Out?_*
Two beautiful people that makes good music and I enjoy the passion that they have for each other.
Songs addicting, wont come out of my head
I can't stop watching this.   I love this sm
Como para que lo vea Silvestre que quiere Imitarlo jajaja . este Man si es un Grande Carlos Vives.
Canto mucho mejor que Justin y Beyonc en espaol 
SO excited for his upcoming album 
Another Super Hit.
Its so true
im so in love with this song... its giving me a very 80's feel. love it!!!!
THIS IS AMAZING
Could you play \nSpooky Scary Skeleton or\nDusk till Dawn or\nThe mirror from Phantom of the Opera\nDon't Come Back for Me
I really really LIKE this song ! ... Actually ... I LOVE THIS SONG !!! 
Omayygaadddd.... omo!!!! BTS!!!
i love this !!! 
Que bosta de vdeo
at 1:11 i thought it was a Chris Brown LOL
Amazing

Jeremy sempre surpreende  amoo #VemProBrasiil
well shes hot
Here since day one
I feel like this is gonna be my jam for this years christmas season!
Lana was slick making him eat her out
I haven't listened to hip hop/rap since all this new lonzo ball type bullshit  started coming out and I had no idea it was called mumble rap so fucking true its so stupid the music we have now.please Wu-Tang bring them raw beats and lyrics back
Melanie u really need to make a new song as a come back ilysm but people want to see more I dyed my hair like urs half black half blonde for my birthday btw this is a good music video I love ur hair styles my name is Melanie i'ved always wanted to be to one of ur concerts 
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
W want ONE DRECTON
How can I do for get exclusive licence ?
NF is one of the realest rappers out there
Before 2 million views 
How much I love his short hair, and his new songs. Old and improved Derulo is back! Finally!
j'adore
Atmosferic, psychedelic & spacey
GOD KNOWS HOW I ABUSE THE REPLAY BUTTON
I can't breathe.
5 most viewed  Instagram videos \nhttps://youtu.be/g-a3gnmIvVQ
Jheez this is fire 
Just about the coolest thing I've seen or heard I a while. Simply beautiful, making my world a little brighter when I really need it.
Much.  Better
Khalid+Marshmello+major Lazer =
Coely 
niece:P

2:40 Charlie St Cloud girl??????
James is suffering from depression. That's why she doesn't know what's going on. James killed himself at the last part of the song. He's not sad because he's inside a casket.
This video is absolutely amazing  I am in love
Ivana
I am possessed  with this song 
still weird...still love it...lol
I wanna die  wish I will be singing with my idol too, very soon. Hope he will see me, and Know that I'm his biggest French fan 
7 on trending
what the trailer song in the end
Its been a while that like a track from spinning  really good track i love it
I am a simple man. I see Kygo, I click.
No joke, they put the trailer for Geo Storm in front of this video as an ad. 
GREAT!!!! I missed this Toni.
3:12 AMAZING
Dope
OMG I LOVE IT
This is beautiful. Though this song reminds me of Pippin's song, which was first? :P
MSICA DE PANAM EN SPOTIFY\nTop 50 Panam http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\nClsicos Del Tpico Panameo http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\nTrap & Reggae Panam http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
THIS VIDEO MAKES ME SO HAPPY SHAKSJA BRB BOUTTA LEARN ALL THESE DANCE MOVES
time for me to see, my guitar to think
yes bus, yes boss, yes rain, yes train... but  not by my choice
Grace you inspire me soooo much!!! You have come so far and... idk I'm just so happy tor you and everything you have accomplished! Plus, your singing and songwriting skills are amazing and I would love to meet you someday!
I don't normally act like this, this is what your military and entertainment industry are doing to me, fuck gwen
q sonsera !
good music 
Im a great comedian funnier than anyone you have ever seen i've gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Mariah is queen Xmas but you respectfully waited long enough to release your own.
Wow.Im in tearsJust hold on.Just one more day.
He gave her herpes
issa banger
I just need the number to her trainer. . That is all...
I miss the old Maroon 5 but i love the song
SZA is a queen
This video made me want to work in a zoo
Heard this like 10 times today, too hot
I'm sorry Lana but I don't consider recycled material art. The best thing about a piece of art is the intention behind it and unfortunately the song and video do not connect for me. I'll stick to watching the Best American Record edits. I still love you more than my own life, Lana <3
THIS IS MY FAVORITE FLEETWOOD MAC SONG
Cmon Kid. Wheres the album?  Can't Wait!!!!
I have been listening to this song so much my dad screamed at me to turn it off. I just turned it up louder.
Well I am glad I found you 
wow i love you
Pretty spooky 
J aime beaucoup cette chanson. Pour moi c'est la plus belle de l'album. Trs beau clip Merci James
DID GARY HIRE YOU OR WHAT!?
this shit what he's talking about is me like a lot of people hate me at school and they come in my business
Anitta  isso  panela nos peitos?
You're constantly making that music that changes the flavour of the bubblegum I'm chewing, Thundercat!
I'm so sad losing Tom Petty. I love his work. Miley however is a nasty skank and her voice sounds awful in this. Talk about exploiting someone's death for relevance you attention whore. Tom just died, show some respect and restraint.
OUR QUEEN IS BACK
God Im in love Such a beautiful voice and song. I hope I get to see you live one day!
Linda
Love
only 3 days old and 2.6 m views omg goals 
CEREAL KILLERS
Open riffs make me thing about Soad.
When your name is James and wonder what you did wrong
this is so beautiful.
I love it..
HOLY MAMA!
Well it looks like I'm going to hell! Excuse me while I go to join a gang and steal all the Pokmon! Anyone wanna join the gang of Team Aqua?
Amazing Martin Love you so much
CUT TO THAT CHORUS!
Thank God... For  the Dancers, Lecrae , 1k Phew, Metro Boomin' , and for everybody tuning in and the ones that's not...Lets get it!!!
The south completely took over after 50/ja rule beef
6k viewer
hot damn, that was dope
Who did this to Kimbra and why
So amazing OMG!
oh. this. is. so. so. so. so. so. so. spectacular.
Love this song, gonna be another favorite song from your new album Losing Sleep.
Recently enchanted with most your songs, then I've just found it is not only your vocal (esp. high pitch voice) makes you attractive, but also your personality and attitude towards life. Keep going on. Chinese love you.
She Makes The Best Kind Of Music  IN LOVE
I. Love. This! 
Moneymar 
Boss: do you have a resume? \nMe: haha do you have YouTube on your phone?
1:19 , we all have been there
I really love hollyn songs it just clears my mind
DAMNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN I'M SHOOK ELI, LOVE U.
2:55 Yay, a King Charles Cavalier.
fergie wit the comeback 
showwwwwwww
Bitch Im shook.
Grace Vanderwaals voice is so amazing. People always tell her her voice is bad but those haters are just jealous. Keep up the work Grace!
I lauv you
I love this. Taylor is hilarious.
oMFG IM SO FUCKNG EXCITED FOR THIS FINALLY THE LONG WAIT IS OVER!!!!!!
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Awesome 
AHHHH his cute little dance moves HAHAHAHAH <3
I want fudge...
Mxico 
No llamas were harmed in the making of this video, instead they made harm :D
True country music with no niggers
lovely version!
I just got rejected
asking alexandria

This is so beautiful\nThank the Lord for Salvation.
Fourteen, young producer, need tips to improve. thanks. :)
26, not 16. She posted her story on reddit (with proof).
Absolutely love this song, amazing as always
Can you guys cover Black Eyed Peas' Where's the Love? I think you guys would kill it.
man like kesha
Wooo 600K SUB!!!
It's a no from me. Feels so uninspired next to What About Us.
This maybe my fav song
yessssss
Incredible...I have no other words.
His voice is so beautiful omg he's such a good singer
i didn't see Taylor Swift from Bad Blood one in the mountain.
canzone fantastica...italiani fatevi sentire mettendo tanti like al commento
tuuune
Nice
Genial! Carlos Vives como siempre teniendo a Colombia presente. Que alegra.
Fire 
Pure perfection.
I love this song 
This is where I go when I drink
L.O.V.E 
King of remix 
my name is eden too and honestly I think we'd sound really fucking good singing together so @eden hmu ... xo
Hay un poco de R5 en el video de Ross Lynch
Amazing!  I love u Emmalyn \nEcuador 
such a beautiful work of art - this is truly a masterpiece
Loved this!
This gave me chills!  It came out wonderfully and bravo to everyone who participated.  I especially loved the people doing sign, and also the couple of cos-players I saw.  The animated critter was also a wonderful touch.  Well done everyone, and thank you Peter for making it possible.
Tori Kelly's voice is beautiful!
you are the absolute best. i have been jammin to Life Changes album on repeat since it released. amazing album, keep it up 
Would like old Weezer sound to come back tbh
Not to take away from Sam, because he is super awesome (writer & vocalist), but I can hear this being a Beyonce song... Imagine a Beyonce song written by Sam Smith 
The Drop?
Thing You Dont Know about Linkin Park\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T08QXDymMkI
Hi , i loved it And i hope  they keep making more music  . i'm always listening  to your  music . i love them and adore fall out boy  i'm from Argentina
Beautiful.
Amen
Guys, I think we found the guy that killed Blue's Raticate.
she got that perfect physique\nill tape a brick to her cheeks
uh okay i love this song
Finally 
Como tu eres , yo te voy amar 
Queen Dej 
he's a really brilliant artist  ahhh trop joli
Reproduscan la cancion muchas veces todo sea por nuestros chicos de cnco dale cncowners que nosotras podemos
Amei 
WOW! Phenomenal!
Peter this is so amazing, this is my favorite video you've done so far, I want to be just like you doing multi media track videos are there any tips you can give I'm like what to have to make these videos?
Where's your eyebrows an why is this trending?
Mr.clean killing it. na but seriously I love you guys!!!!
Cardi B my Lil bitch I love her
is it just me or at the end when J-Hope uhmmm when they put their leg out IDK IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN\n4:00 but is it just me or is that familiar
Shit is ass and weird asf
Color palette video on point. Love you hayley kiyoko 
this is whats up. damn
I love it! Cannot wait for a new record 
Like the little nod to Terry Gilliams Brazil!
Yasss living legend come thru!!!!
ERES LO MAXIMO BRUNO MARS SALUDOS DESDE MEXICO
I thought just the song was heartbreaking, this puts it on a new level :(
It could have been better. The lyrics are lazy rain rhymes with train. Highway freeway and motorway? Noel Gallagher could have written that.
Our current day George Michael.... Beautiful voice. Amazing...!
One of my favorites from bloom 
nothing but respect for MY president
   ~~
Don't do drugs kids.
YOUR SONGS NEVER DISAPPOINT 
Its amazing enough that the fiddle player didn't knock Steve's glasses off his head.
Love it
Ya se estn empezando a ver los resultados por la publicacin de Shakira donde trata a sus fans de mal educados, lo siento #Shak podras ir an ms al FLOP. RECUERDA NUNCA INSULTAR A TUS FANS

reaaaly origional content nothing like any other mumble rapper at all......
Why is this song so awesome
U r fuckin underrated man,u deserve much more.
DejLo
I've never seen a video so genuine, you're beautiful girl 
Absolutely love this song, amazing as always
so is micheal dead or \nnot plz help
13M congratulations.
Hola, soy sebas !  los invito a ver mi nuevo videoclip 
Everything shes been dropping is really amazing...
Alex's outfit makes him looking more mature
OMFG THIS IS AMAZING LOUIS 
Yes. Loooovvvve it! Kimbra is BACK!!!
That fucking ending!!!
BRAZIL LOVES YOU ! I WAS IN ROCK IN RIO CONCERT... YOU ARE AMAZING GUYS !
Come to brazil!
You've always had it Miley!!!!! <3

*Jesus is the Truth*
His eyes
At first I thought the beginning was a little kid referring to him singing to his mom.
Shes beautiful
Oh... my... god... MY SONGG
THIS IS AMAZING WELLDONE SARAH 
I love all sessiosn DM version Dave G. and Dave B. forever and ever!
unusual concept 
I swear.. David ONLY makes hits.
Fabulous video, just so wonderful live.It's so nice to see her going into the audience and them joining in.Such talent.Thanks for sharing this with us.
Ilysm 
God. Sorry NF I love u more than any god in any religion. At least, you are honest, and friendly
Im gonna see them in a couple of months
This is a beautiful song.and the beauty of it is that you can interpret whatever way you would like it to be. They have a reason for it. We should just embrace both. 
Nany pps
I.  This.  
I love this song so much
I've loved Tom Petty ever since my dad played his music at hime when I was a boy. That's been 25 years ago. I was very sad when I read he passed away, I will miss him. He was unique.
Who else was smart to open the description and click on the link so it brings u here 
a-are we going back to the old days? D': yes please.
me encanta esta musica de pescaito  me alegro que le den un reconocimiento a pescaito
that's great
Str8 up
Mate this is a fucking banger can't wait to see them at all pally
https://www.fiverr.com/dipa49/do-viral-youtube-promotion
As a mom, i just cant escape slime...in the house, on the couch, in the garage, baggies of it, cups of it....now on my Beck video lol
Omgggg this is amazing love ya Pink
Excellent.
please come to Ecuador again >:(
I'm so happy with Toni and Tamar Braxton! So happy to just be able to hear both of their music and wonderful voices!!!! Y'all have to agree 
Y mi mama:<
Tf did I watch
Love it !!!!!
Phew! I need a lie down after watching that.  Very saucy promo from one of the most perfect women Ive ever seen.  Fabulous voice and looking as stunning and as gorgeous as everwow!  Shania.if you do ever read this.please, please dont have any work done on yourself.  You are perfect and others that have gone ahead (needlessly) have ruined themselves.  Cant wait to see you at the 02 next October!!
Plays at this my wedding.\n*_Please_*
Tired of the fake love-Show me what youre made of!! 
This song is everything!!!
LUIS FONSI IS THE BEST
They don't disappoint.
anyone else notice that ring on her ring finger at 3:35?
Sexy Voice Ever!
The camera work and Justin is good but damn. I want to fucking hug the sound guy. This is amazing work.
Enfin !!!
This song is soooooo dang awesome
A  R  T
i am so confused omg
thank you howie for pressing the golden buzzer 
R.I.P. Grant Heart.
Her facial expressions are everything!
Awesome
Can we get Dave Matthews on vocals to join in on a few songs?
Do always be my baby
mad talent
RIP To a rock n roll poet. Your music will live on and on. Thank you Tom Petty
I love his voice
hmu phil. we'll do a song together
Thanks for asking
Peru is here 
Good version but nothing on George Michael himself, just goes to show what a voice he truly was!
Beat sounds indian
Someone give this man a bible 
It would've been amazing if she sang the lyrics 
Sorry what does it mean he said bcos she is Asian? Why? I'm not quite get it the meaning of the video anyone?
ja pinches cabezitas moviendose en las letras jajajaja
That beat is fire though
Where are the anothers members
Love this song so much
Her record sales are HORRIBLE....thats her reason. She sooooooo wants to be BEYONCE...but she NEVER will reach Bey's status.
I always do that before going to sleep like nothing... But for real that was low
Want to cry now. Thank you. It's lovely.
Holy shit! The bridge is next level
hollywood undead - Whatever It Takes
IM FUCKING HERIUEHRPUIWGEP8I;QWFuyq
PEOPLE, VOTE FOR EXO ON AAA!!!! WE ARE SECOND PLACE RIGHT NOW,.PLEASE EVERYBODY VOTE!!!

Amazing 
The opening looks like infamous secon son soundtrack
Omg it sooo hooot
Rita's voice is so fucking amazing!!
this is 
Nice song and nice music video too.
Rock!!!
amazing as always
English pubs aren't really this bad, by the way.
a risada do niall  contagiante
geusg
See ya next week Janet!!!
On repeat... LOVE IT!!
<3 I want to be like marshmello when I grow up to be 20 years old, and I believe electronic music with the serious an honor I would like to hear from greetings from colombia <3
Sabrina is beautiful, and now is a big artist and she go to win the sky
Literally liked this one second in 'cause I just knew it was gonna be good. I haven't been disappointed by a single Brns song since I first started listening two years ago!!
O que  que t acontecendo? Por que o Corey est vestido de drag, e trepando no pole dance? Mas que porra...? KKKKKKKKKKK.
amazing!!!!
Best single so far.
damn #5 on trending like Hi Bich
Love the song so much
for your information  Jimmy my wife has family in Puerto Rico  ok she's  helping  and  praying  helps them too I have faith in my king in heaven.
I wasn't ready for all this. Slow down.
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Shit Jhene! Got me in the library all chocked up, all in public! \nThis was great & the acting didn't appear forced, natural.
LA PUTAMADREEEE TE AMOOO BRUNO ERED EL MEJOR CANTANTE 
I didn't even know that nf lived in a town right by me both small towns it's amazing
good song
We love you Jeremy! Keep on singing! God bless you 
IM OBSESSED
The bass sounds like a kimbra song
I think I would like any song singed by her. But she keeps releasing gold tunes.
Like it so much. I want you in a vid Justin please!
Tooo  good
I'm only here for Azul
I really need to listen to this album more
JUNTOS! PUERTO RICO
an exciting way to learn french, no?
What the name of the song @6:48
No like, yes dis like
They're just so stinking cute
...
I don't understand the thumbs down... he has always put out amazing stuff!!
Can't stop listening to this!
Daaamn look at Cassie,I bet I recognize her..

FLATLINERS brought me here
wow. black people are just sooo good in making background vocals! damn.
Am here before 1M views.
I was like what's this song and then I was like oh shit its that new bop I heard the other day, turn up!
I've watched this 100 times now you're soul is shining love
Taylor York is DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE PERSON ON EARTH
That is so so so beautiful! Just hearing everyone's voices mixing was just the most wonderful thing I've ever heard! <3
Have her eat an apple so she looks like even more of an asshole *ding!*
Love ittttttttt
You are the best! This is beautiful! Itmakes you feel that the world is a place where people love each other.Thank you for making my day better
I don't know why but most of British singers/songwriters always put out moving, emotional and powerful songs that give me so much feels  (don't mean to offend american or other singers from other countries)
Hard rocking jam that I totally did NOT expect. I'm on board big time!
Digby!?
Scarlett es un encanto 
The first time I actually enjoy a bit of country music. That beat is so good, it makes country music cool
This is a beautiful song with a beautiful message
I like seeing people get triggered. Kid Rock is my new hero. Him and Trump. I still cant stand Ted Nugent tho and Im from Michigan. Ted's a doofus
Bro, that rasp. 
AAAAAAALWAYS gotta be satanic, huh? i see right through you people...
She?
was a great song to end the movie
Follow these steps:\n   \n     1. Start video\n    \n     2. Press 5\n   \n     3. Thank me later ;)
holy,,, fuckeroni I love this
Love Craig David 
Good filmography beautiful.  Love the song!
THIS IS FREAKING AMAZING. I'M SHOOK. I FEEL LIKE A PROUD MOM
That blonde girl and brown hair guy are so cute together lol
ABEL S
Huh. I got them all right.
HOW COME THIS HAS ONLY 14K VIEWS??? IT DESERVES MORE VIEWS.
I just realized that I follow you because I envy you :l
A couple months late but ok
55
Excited nako putangina!!!!!! 
They got all these bitches from Magic City & Blue Flame.
I'm going to hate Prog in no time.
Omg, this song is amazing
Who's here before it blows up
haha
My Baby !!!!
First time listening to Brns. I'm audibly stimulated.
Love you Morrissey xx
Its not a good combination i like the orginal one much more
This mashup is so good R.I.P Michael
Best fall out boy song! Perfect
Love DM!!!
Hell yeah
hi. im one of your fans from indonesia. can i request for the next song Walk off the earth use Angklung or Kolintang. :)
Zach so cute
It's fun putting your name in songs '  #Niley


<3 <3
I thought this might be referring to Jaymes Young but then I was like nahhhh
todo meu amor por esse vdeo 
shit music for the brainless new generation ... bring in the cash says beck
I'm Christian, but I can easily say that about 99.9% of Christians who listen to music are trippin. If music boring, then it isn't Christian according to most Christians. People like to say lecrae sold out and that he isn't Christian anymore just because he's starting to make fun music. I honestly don't get why ya'll cant just enjoy the music.
I dont know what theyre saying but this sounds beautiful
She's so talented! 
Kanye West is a fucking legend this album is going to be lit.
this music video is life

I received the love from
2M LIKESSSSS
i love this song and the movie!!!!
What have I just watched???.
This video made me hungry
YES FERGIE
The bestttt 
why main dude gotta be white? come aiko #blacklove #blaclpower , i anticipated this album had to skip through sections where they met + fell inlove total turn off.
The dancing is just amazing. This is so motivational 
imagine kissing alex aiono... cant relate
AAAAAVVVVIIIIII
yeye work hard...\nBojack... mah boi you watchin some fun stuffz
They're back!? I need to be sure because the video is giving me a different vibe. Haha.
I like it. But why does it have to be ab blue eye girl lol .  Either way... it's really a gd song.
now i have a new ringtone !!
Amei  glria a Deus ! 
austin voice omgawd
I wasn't a fan when she sang royals mainstream song got played out. But..WOW she is authentic and talented, I am a huge fan now. <3
Best song ever   T wil be a hit 
Ow wow
Is it just me who always thought she said my best friend lilly said??!
Cohen died, his art is immortal
ugh...make believe had like three good songs on it...after that--it's just sad. sorry.
i just keep imagining an epic fight inside a subway car
Eric Church you are a amazing man.  There is no artist like you.  You are a gifted man. Both artistically and personally.  Keep being you!!!
nice song
Anitta diva
Rita is back!!!!Glad to hear her again.
R5 My Love
I've really liked the way this album has sounded so far, but the social commentary has been lack luster. I definitely think you should put it in your music, but what does saying anything about plastic surgery or Fucking pills have to do? Yes there are plenty of people who take pills who don't need them, but I'm disabled and in debilitating pain and I need them to get out of bed. I need pills to wake and sleep and fucking walk AND eat because of stomach issues. Medical science has come a long way and I'm HAPPY for it. This song is catchy but the lyrics are a snooze fest. 
This kind of music suits her.
This the lamest shit i've ever seen
IM SCREEEEEEEECHING. I love the new vibe!
It's ok. SATaniC PeDOS will wait for everyOne Of yOu tOo. HuRRy Up nOw. THEY NEVER GET ENOUGH
What a fckn bop! Here b4 they blow up cause they will
I love how the ragtime style piano and vocals make the sad lyrics sound happy. Just adds to the melancholy of the song.\nLOVE IT! PLEASE DO AN ASIA TOUR
her smile is whole world 
Me encantooooo 
I'm so happy 112 is back!!!
Booby trapping!!
I love Linkin Park 
this is always on the radio  here lol
THIS IS AMAZING
1:36 Kurt Cobain?
AAAAAAAAAhyes
 yet another wedding DVD song for me  
No se si llorar o rerme por que dicen unas palabras en espaol que ni por cerca se dicen as por favor canten bien
This is nice, very nice. My dog likes it
THE LYRICS AND BEAT ARE SO OFF LMAO ESPECIALLY TRASH THE RAPPER .THE VIDEO IS BEAUTIFUL AND POWERFUL 
This joint is dope. Thanks Toni!
Bars\n.........offset.....a the next wickedest keep it gangsta...... . Dat way......beat#hot.......trap......trap. ......
I loved Tom Petty's music so does my 8 year old daughter. This isn't one of my favorite songs but for some reason it's been running through my head all day and chilling to see it's the last song he performed publically.
no offence but john o'callaghan has the prettiest eyes
Boooooring ;-;
SUCH A GREAT ALBUM! I can't even!! This is too good
Bebe Rexha call me
Thank you Tom
I don't fuck wit Ebro. But he speaking the truth.
FINALLY
Not feeling Lecrae's verse... KB gave it some CPR by flipping the beat and dropping waaay better lines.
Your Betta walk bisch
From PH 
My birthday is on jul 21 
i can see he took couple of pointers from BTS on how to make an good mv with a storyline. Where my BTS armys AT
Hunter Hayes just made my day
Greatest MV from Kygo ever! You have touched my heart, the same to me that I lost my dad when I was 15. This kid makes me believe that I have to achieve my aims in life so that our lives won't be meaningless!!!
Axel Rose could do it.
3:36 hottest booty shot on the words we dont care....shes still got it. Wow!
can we talk about how i just got a f ree gift card from here!  lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?301007434
sold out...too bad
did no one else see the tr*mp tower at :20 cause that shit doesn't belong here
Un nouveau style, je ne sais pas si j'aime le son tout de suite. Mais, la voix de Yelle est toujours une belle rconfort.
next, a dance video pretty please...
I love it <3
I LOVE you ...but  you lost it
It's the melody to you should have seen it in color..
am i the only one that hears a little bit of One Last Time by Ariana in the beat?
From Small Country Called Bangladesh.... We Love James Blunt.
you have to do minna no piisu (tengen toppa gurren lagan) with Caleb Hyles
RIP Tom we love you!!!
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!
Very peaceful song ! Times flies enjoy time you have
my puerto rico our puerto rico is a blessing this song made me feel hope. this is a deep song everyone needs to hear it it uplift the prayers in the spirits.puerto rico my people feel we will over come. well put together . by the best artist our Puerto ricans can only feel to put it out there with such feeling.goose bumps.while i was not there my mind was out not just to my mom but to to my entire  family. all who living in p.r..
Gonna be honest- only reason I clicked was bcuz I thought I said Kanye West...
I love this. Thank you for letting us in 
So lovely!
Damn yes !!!!!!
fucking matt walking by in his hospital gown omg
WHO DISLIKED THIS?!
Eric Church I do not know if you read comments but I wanted to come see your last show and couldn't afford to...........Sunday night was more than something that sank hearts, filled eyes with tears & tattered souls like worn paper. I just watched this clip of you here on youtube and listened to your new song. My thoughts of you Sir and my love for your voice and your music extend much further now because I just saw your person.......your thoughts just as a person. Your words for the people echo through the walls of The Grand Ole Opry now for all of time.
amazing song ! I love this version so much.
Honestly she never ages looks the same as she did 11 years ago when duchess came out
Probably my least favorite out of feels like summer, mexican favorite and this. And probably my least favorite of the New era weezer (ewbaite and on) the bass line is sick though
This sucks

1,5 speed
I love this 
Brandon appreciation squad 
always in love with Dragons
he created wat dance is tdy :)) ... look at all those steps n movements... u see it re- introduced meshed up in todays mv's globally, yet he created d basics .. i rememebered my young days of having dat one glove n jacket n simply being able to do d moonwalk n look as cool as him...i wonder how many of us can relate to dat lol ..
awesome
No paro de escucharla me  encantaaaaa\n joelito
What is my life.... This song is about cerial for example, luckycharms,cherios etc
era deshtimka
Let's get this to #1 NF deserves this shit man.
Ok eminem wannabe
This is a bad ass song!!!
So glad she won The Voice!
Niall you killed it........\nReally sweet voice.......
I died laughing out loud at Pentatonix, and Polka. Skyrim as a genre, beautiful!
Je suis fan de cette nouvelle version I love you
Como siempre. Muy buena, felicidades por ello!

Yes ma'am we have to support the legends we have left. I'm feeling her and that guitar like a mfer
I AM SOO PROUD OF YOU NIALL
LOL. They never ask the great questions like: Do you call Puffy Diddy or Daddy? Has he set up your Trust fund yet? Are you included in the Will? Has he clipped his shit or are you waiting until he's almost in the ground before you have a child with him? \n\nCome on. This interview could've been so much better.
The beat sounds like Bad & Bougee
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out \nfrom ATM they works world wide.\n\nAre you currently in a financial economy crisis\nOr dealing with Bad credit card debt, Cool way \nto have financial freedom Are you tired of \nliving a poor life, here is the opportunity \nyou have been waiting for,\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to \nserve All our customer better like never before. \n\nContact us today for your Card. \n\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com \nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nCheck Out Our Youtube Page Below For Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
Even Voldemort likes King Krule
Bruh as soon as that beat dropped I think I felt a piece of my soul fly back into me
WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!
bello video
THIS IS FREAKING AMAZING!!!
So where was he applying and did he get the job
Anitta 
Lot of sad, notable deaths recently but this one is really hard to take.

It's a shame for people like this...beautiful voice and their music videos don't consist of someone showing of their money , I would rather listen to his music 24/7 than other dumb mumble rapers and singers
No big deal here.
esta es mi colombiaaaaa!!
#4 on trending
Can we get Dave Matthews on vocals to join in on a few songs?
Yet another masterpiece you have created Chris! It was suuch a pleasure to see all the talent you have last night at the BOK center in ,my hometown, Tulsa, OK! WE LOVE YOU CHRIS!!!
God is so GOOD!!!
fanfan
wowwwww
So story time, I just found out my crush didn't like me because he told my other friend and I couldn't stop thinking about what he said so to distract myself I went to listen to Grace's new song....she literally is describing my situation right now.
Gahhhh they have the voices of angels! So good to hear new material from them :) I hope they do shows in Melbourne!
She need to let me know how she be dropping that weight!
uraya bir tane Trk yorumu brakym,bir insann hi bir arks m kt olmaz,yine m kem mel
Porgs are LIFE. This is so ace!
Awesome!
This song is with me when i fall asleep, ly
Adorei z
the fat cowgirl sucks now
I'm sorry for the other guy
This lovely girl is growing every year, as an artist, a singer!
This is more like a typical one direction song
Booring

Why is everyone touching their shoulders? I'm kinda confused
Beautiful voice  !!

The coqui sound broke my heart. I feel guilty for every drink of water that I take, knowing that my family and every puertorrican/ citizen in the island is struggling, surviving. I know the grass will be green again, but it hurts.
Not that anyone cares, but I got 100%
Just here for Nicki Minaj!! 
Wow... I'm already impressed with this song and I've only listened to it once. One of your best songs.
Hell yeah I'll watch an ad for Maggie
You brought me back and in.. Somewhere deep within..\nWhere no lies fear near misery slightly apear..\nI felt free.. Self righteously what now, what now ya'll \nGrateful for what I now bestow \nI'm free.. Free <3 Thank you Darling for this beautiful gift of enlightenment.. Sending you much love all away from a little Island Called ARUBA DUSHI TERA <3 Xx
yall been killing the interviews lately
Thank for creating music Sam!!
As always, this cover did not disappoint. My 4 year old can't get enough of you guys. He told us today that he has three favorite seasons... summer, fall and walk off the earth  from the mouths of babes. #playburlingtonagain
In case anyone wants to sing along.\n\n\nYou try to kill it but it won't stop bleeding\nTry to forget it but it won't stop killing you\nYou're running out of time\nYeah, you know you can't go back\nIt's too late\nTo say it's too late\nYou can't take back that you said nothing\nHow could you do nothing?\n\nIs this burning right?\nAm I living bridges?\nCan we build our past right?\nLearning through future solecism\n\n(I've missed times)\nIt's played out (been disconnected)\nI've moved on (I stressed time)\nGet fucked up (forgetting timing)\nMy new draw  (and I need you to talk me down)\nAnd it's not right \nYou're dead wrong (cause I feel like I need to crash)\nWhat are we doing? \nLet's go home\nThere's no hope\nIt's all wrong\n\nCause I've been looking at the sky to show me where I went wrong\nBeen looking at the sky like someone was looking down\nBut it keeps raining on me\nAnd I've been looking at the sky since I was like 5 years old\nBeen looking for the stars but it seems like they're all gone\nAnd the fault's not ours alone\nBut I think it's time to go\n\nIt's played out\nI've moved on\nGet fucked up\nMy new draw\nAnd it's not right\nYou're dead wrong\nWhat are we doing?\nLet's go home\nThere's no hope\nIt's all wrong\n\nAnd I've got way too many questions just to try and get it right\nCause I can't be the one to shrug it off\nAnd I could be the reason that we stay up all night\nTo be someone, to be someone\nAnd oh, all we've got is to try to get it right\nBut no one told you\nThat this gon' hurt, oh no\nAnd now all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\nNow all I really want is to scream\n\nThat shit just to try and find a way to get my head down\nAnd head out or maybe just the two of us and head now\nI'm just tryna find the real now\nDream clouds, ghost ground\nReal friends, dead hometown\n\nCause I've been looking at the sky to show me where I went wrong\nBeen looking at the sky like someone was looking down\nBut it keeps raining on me\nAnd I've been looking at the sky since I was like 5 years old\nBeen looking for the stars but it seems like they're all gone\nAnd it breaks my heart, you know\nBut I think it's time to go\n\nIt's played out\nI've moved on\nGet fucked up\nMy new draw\nAnd it's not right\nYou're dead wrong\nWhat are we doing?\nLet's go home\nThere's no hope\nIt's all wrong
Manila's waiting for the modern nostalgia tour!!
Only clicked for the gorgeous interviewer and her glorious fro
I'd buy the CD to this
@SaliceRose  Omg she is so Amazing And Beautiful Love Youu  Team Salsa
#43 trending  these two have beautiful voices! Can't wait for TK2 
What the fuck is wrong with role play?  Why does the church have this obsession with it?
A M A Z I N G. 
Love it!!
This song makes me wanna like my own comment
RIP. American songwriting genius.
Look at how @ShaniaTwain glow! 
Who else got to see him in concert this year??
Great storyline.
It's the front bottoms, not twenty one pilots.
okay okay i've felt so uninspired lately which is the worst way to feel when all you want to do is make art & be happy, but this album lit a fire under my ass & i couldn't be happier
What the....why did I watch that\n\nI dont mind the music i like it\nIts just\nShe doesnt look mystical or anything its just a really weird vid sorry for anyone that disagrees
this song is awesome!
Omgoodness i am love with this song, thank you Danielle you have an amazing voice 
As in watching this interview further, I'm like not feeling her use of the N word at all
Kevin Ray is lowkey Daddy 
Who wrote the song? The concept is brilliant!\n#countrymusic
I saw kesha and wasn't sure if I would like it...but I do! 
CANT EN ESPAOOOOOL, AHHHHHHH
This version is a long way better than the studio one. Love this !
I'm in love for this performance <3 this album deserves to conquer the world. love u so much KC. Brazil!
Esta bien sabroso esta cancin como siempre Carlos vives sacndola del estadio
This is so going to be my ringtone! 
Lecrae trending !? Let's goooooo\nLet's keep it going
Por fin, hermosa y elegante Kimbra, estas de vuelta!
do you have a link for the other performances? I only have the interview. :)
We will rebuild and come back stronger. All we have is each other migente. Pa'Lante!!
Saw her live singing this song. FUCKING BOMB <3
I am in love of the instrumental <3
This isnt country
He's dead or not?
Woowww
This is amazing 
Did i just heard A little Justinbieber #loveyourself? vibe
Her voice is gone !    She's trying really hard for a come-back, but she should retire.  Her glory days are GONE !!
Old school hip hop feel.
Wow
Wow
CIDRA!
That woman picked up a fake plastic tree at the beginning of the video, didn't she? :)
This American Girl is heartbroken
Is it just me or the chorus Heeeaaavvvyy is taken from here https://youtu.be/dXTBbM21plg
Very good advice in regards to the news.
such a brilliant idea
She's always been here.
Why the hell is Joey Barton in this? What's the purpose of it? And I think David Hoyle dancing on the stage, don't suspect many of you know that. I'm trying to figure the point of it all.. A wheelchair... a bed.... an old social club. Morrissey looking like a smug twat. Barton looking like a smug nonce eating peanuts. It's total nonsense.
damn this is good

I'll always love Niall Horan no matter what
wasn't the red dress from that (i think) mtv awards where she started singing you belong with me at a subway station?
Diva
Awesome rachket from tiesto and aloe blacc....brings back memories of his song with avicii -wake me up
Yasss this is so catchy
*This song is so amazing!! The replay button is broken!! Hope to get as big as Sam Smith one day * I just made a cover of \n''Too Good At Goodbyes'' and mashed it up with ''Dusk Till Dawn'' by Zayn and Sia! It would mean the world if you would want to check it out on my channel!  I'm also gonna be covering this song soon!!
LYRICS \n\n-----\n\nShould've stayed, were there signs, I ignored?\nCan I help you, not to hurt, anymore?\nWe saw brilliance, when the world, was asleep\nThere are things that we can have, but can't keep\n\nIf they say\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nIn a sky of a million stars\nIt flickers, flickers\nWho cares when someone's time runs out?\nIf a moment is all we are\nWe're quicker, quicker\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nWell I do\n\nThe reminders, pull the floor from your feet\nIn the kitchen, one more chair than you need, oh\nAnd you're angry, and you should be, it's not fair\nJust 'cause you can't see it, doesn't mean it, isn't there\n\nIf they say\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nIn a sky of a million stars\nIt flickers, flickers\nWho cares when someone's time runs out?\nIf a moment is all we are\nWe're quicker, quicker\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nWell I do\n\n(I do)\n\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nIn a sky of a million stars\nIt flickers, flickers\nWho cares when someone's time runs out?\nIf a moment is all we are\nWe're quicker, quicker\nWho cares if one more light goes out?\nWell I do\nWell I do
Only real country MF.
Beautiful lyric video I usually never watch lyric videos as much as yours too brilliant love it 
Where is edm!?
wooooooooooooooooooow
Ty ruin song with week ass hook should have us pnb rock.
1 millie, congratz guys. amazing work
You deserve the world! Congrats from Brazil! U are awesome!
t is Rihanna?
Jason derulo is a swager  i love you jason

love this song!!
It's close to my birthday and this song came out I'm sooooo happy
Loving it sooo much 
Absolutely amazing. Cant wait to hear the album.
Omg I love it
Hates Off Tom Walker
Lenda 
**casually has Free Time on the computer at school**\n**see's BTS DNA on youtube** **clicks**\n**immediately see's Jungkook** **stares**\nWhere's the holy water when I need it. <.< >.>\n
Ummmm okay I LOVE this.
When I Was Your Man & Someone Like You collaborated.
This is just raw footage of Thom's daily routine what the hell
this ngl really cool
Watched 30 times so far!!! IT's just... the song of the season.. need to share this with all my title 1 mamas!
Yes ma'am we have to support the legends we have left. I'm feeling her and that guitar like a mfer


I was they can before all y'all  bandwagons jk but I'm serious
Which song is this?
MATTTT
First Aid kit vengan a Latinoamrica !!
Jesus, Thankyou for loving me, and not deserting me through all the tough times, and through all my sin, doubts and mistakes.\nJesus rejects no man or woman, He loves all. Sadly most reject Him for their own wilful, sinful way.\nDraw me close to you Lord, rebuke me when I stray into sin...never stop loving this wretched sinner please my Beloved Lord Jesus Christ...Love in the flesh.
nothing but love for this song and the album..love you Ferg!
what a video man
yeah finally the afterward story of faded
Go kimbra!~ be awesome! You are a wonderful artist. - never be afraid to add more of YOU to your music.
When did Eden get so many subs? I've been here since 10k, glad to see people finally caught on
I like it but I don't like the auto-tune voice that says peace of mind, it kinda kills it for me
Pure version.
This is such a bop, I'm quaking
yay another Kevin solo!!
Her voice was filtered to such extent that she sounds robotic.
OMGGGGGG
Lyrics please!
On repeat... LOVE IT!!
Omg \nIm in love
I like this. Way to go Toni.
I love Maroon 5.. always have. But I just can't get into this track. \nI love every album they have from The Fourth World all the way up to V.\nBut this album is just not vibing with me. It sounds rushed and honesty very auto tuned.. :/ \nBut the thing is.. I loved Cold, Don't wanna Know, and What Lovers Do but this song is just bad in my opinion.\nMaybe the entire album will change my mind. But I'm not feeling it 
the first silence is better
THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!! youre both killed it!! but madison voice is
Ellie is hot af omg i love everything about her! I wanna be her!
All this freaking videos of Hispanic heritage but not a single video in Spanish. huh
Uuuuuaul Nice
I absolutely adore you, Grace.  \n*forces classmates to stand up and clap*


I love this so much
like
Ur so Gay 2.0, anyone?
This is making me forget all the stress of work today... deep breathes and beautiful music
Lyrics in the description - (blah blah)
really? this song is about a mobile?
Already!?
v:?
So peaceful
4:06 Brad Pitt? ;-;
It'll be 
The breakdown sounds like the Rain down... section from Paranoid Android to me... (a good thing)
Nos quejamos durante aos porque este proyecto no avanzaba, y una vez que se vuelve real, empiezan a criticar todo. Encima es solo un detrs de escena, ni siquiera se sabe si es una toma que va a quedar. Sean ms contemplativos, queridos.
Good job buddy 
Hermosos 
They're just crazy!!!
my favourite song in The After love
This was the best show. So blessed to have experienced it 
Magnifique!
Tiesto dO.Ob
People really don't get the meaning of this song.  The true meaning is very important
I love you... <3 #Brazil
I love this song!
is this his amber rose break up song?
This song is magic
Add to ....\nMusic
Remember everything that made Back to the Shack and the White Album great?\n\nNeither does Rivers.
Muito bom * Stone Sour \,,/ 4ever!!!!!
La msica, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
It gets better with every replay
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
Holy shit my childhood. I wouldn't mind if she re-visits all her old songs on that CD by her I used to own  heck I would even buy it on vinyl lol
Guys, you're super talented! That's so naturally beautiful! Real music! Bravo!!!
\n\nCheck out my Ableton 9 remake of track !\n\nhttps://youtu.be/eBTlHEvIdLw\n\n
Man, what a lyric... So beautiful! And these images at the background... simply awesome!
So hard to believe hes goneWAY too soon...
Maroon 5 never disappoint, these guys are super lit!! . They always make the funniest music videos, love u guys , keep being awesome 
Kris
 love this so much
Is it just me, or do the verses sound like this song? https://youtu.be/kJa2kwoZ2a4
Western populations should shed their illusions. Our governments are committing war crimes and imposing an overseas holocaust on non-belligerent countries. The West and its allies are terrorizing and destroying countries and they are falsely projecting their own high crimes onto their victims.
That Van's store is here in San Pedro! Just a few blocks down from me.. omg no wonder there was so much filming in the past month. Love you Fergie
Like kris wu
LOVE LOVE LOVE
WE LOVE YOU PO RICO!
The song is soooo full of energy!!!!
This joint is dope. Thanks Toni!
KB the most lit Christian rapper there is period.
Such a beautiful song and video. \n
I rate this song a 10/10.
Oh god, Julien. You have been hurt. You have been hurt by somebody, that much is clear. Who hurt you? Who hurt you? Who hurt you?
this is so emotional
So cool, you have 311.000+ viewers, and 21.000+ like. Start from 8 september until now 
beautiful t,s r
am I cry  T_T
I almost can't believe how terrible this video is. Such a beautiful voice deserves better..
Who was watching the lights while listening to this lol
How not TOve LOVE?
Many Prayers Love from your brothers & sisters from Australia - will definitely be supporting & encouraging others to <3
My god this is great
My mom and i are Puerto Rican and my mother has raised over more than 5,000 dollars to help Puerto Rico in the small villages so if you can please find a way to donate, even 20 dollars help thank you all:)
Can soneone PLEASEEE help me @ 00:26 it reminds me of another song by a girl but i can't pinpoint it. I think the lyrics go something like and if you feel you can not stayyy or if you choose to walk awaayy i have no idea i have the tune in my head OMGGGGG
PEACEFULL VIBES ....\nAWSOME FELLING LISTENING IN NATURE UNDER A TREE  \nOR NEAR FLOWERS ....
White woman love a half nigger. Disgrace to your own race
SO AMAZING <3 AVICII <3 OTTO KNOWS
Witt needs to be blown up like this. Yes he gets his credit but he deserves more
shelter next please!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow amazing
MJ has talent
Now Im waiting for the theories from the intelligent ARMYs. And I am also waiting for the next teasers. Cause this is teaser 1 right?
  
Voltou? Ue?
this is a lot more laid back than i thought it was gonna be
I saw this the day it came out and didnt comment 
Favourite one yet
that's great :3 this song is amazing :3
MACKLEMORE + KE$HA = 
20,000 views in one day can I get a thumbs up?
WOHOO!I'M SHOOK\nTHIS IS SOOO GOOD!
The tea is ready !!!
Number 1 hit again. He is coming like a storm .
Augumas partes parece com a msica dele No Music  mais eu gostei 
nice
If you don't get hired. I'll drop a disstrack.
2030?
Dodie and Sammy once again you melt my heart and make me cry. Beautiful work guys x
cool
beautiful <3 <3 <3
been waiting for a song from him in sooo long 
THIS SHOULD BE #1 IN THE CHARTS
Such a great tune! Please check out my drum cover of this if you fancy, thanks!
hannah gill
Muero por que llegue Febrero para ir a verte de nuevo 
He looked really tired. .... If he'd taken some breaks on this 40th Anniversary Tour he would still be here. .... Miss you forever Man.
aaaa maravilhosos
Amei 
This is more like a typical one direction song
Yes child 
Love Teyana!
Gucci never disappoints
You're a good singer
Please make more like this!!!! Try
Would like old Weezer sound to come back tbh
You were my first celebrity crush \nProbably up to this day
Anyone got goosebumps? cause same
Lift is like a gift, just amazing. thank you Radiohead.
I think it is just too perfect
Bluegrass always makes me smile. Thank you.
shit i love this band so much
Damn this was great,  pre ordered  yes yes yes. \nThose vocals shine in this.
Is it me or her voice is a lot deeper? No hate! 
Morrissey goes chaos magick. =P
Who is Kanye?
AMAZING
Cohen died, his art is immortal
Obrigada. ... muito linda. .... uma prece a Deus por sua alma.
You know what you gotta do when Phoebe Ryan uploads a new video!!! 
Love it
That looks so cool!!! 
Please do a collab with Rick and Morty
She is amazing!
IM OBSESSED
Fire  Fergie and Nicki killed it!
Puerto Rico  si selevanta
Her voice doesn't match\nHer fine ass face
Estee's bass face is Lengendary!
Can't wait to see his co-host with Carrie on CMA
Just saw them in Atlanta! Magnificent!
At Logic's Gate
Genial. Maravilloso.
Mgk turned the myth up in Minneapolis tonight holy fuck
I muted the video and could still hear it.
Cenrios perfeitos mas filmagem pssima, edio bem amadora....
Love it. Darius Rucker's lyrics deal with real life issues.Lyrics have meaning and are spiritually deep. I am hooked on his music.
what does 50 mean when he says hiphop is a youth culture?
All the love for this men.
Loveit
This will do............unzips pants.
#3 ON TRENDING IM PROUD OF MY BOYS
Like si te gusto
love it man keep man
Wtf is this, Nickelback for inbreds?
Like i kno this is sad. But its beautiful to , but that aint what i wanna say. What i wanna say is this nigga is so lucky fam! At 7:13 , man! Lucky nigga, but respect 
Oh damn, stop saying this is not their style!\ncheck out some of their older stuff and you'll see how many different sounds they have in store!!
Oh my GOSH! YES thank you so much. Iv been waiting for this! I love it!!
This channel is going to blow up.\nP.S. Thanks Phil
Pre mil squad!
I remember early 80's when I was 12 and knew only few English words but this song hit directly to my heart. This cover is a own like, in good way.
Argentina is still waiting for Weezer!! =w=
Loveeeeeeee ittttttttttt 
MORRISSEY I LOVE YOU GOD
Wow....thank you for posting another powerful, emotional and everything that comes with it. This one made me cry. Thank you for your special gift!
Eres muy grande Laura...
Really love this 
Everybody here saying they thought it was a charlie puth cover and I'm here like nop never heard of it, this is the only song that came to my mind when I saw the title
Beyonce killed it.. not feeling it
Congratulations on this babe yass killing it repping for the UK 
is that the vocalist of king gizzard?
alguien latino?
everyone needs room to make mistakes
I love how beck has included cosimo henri, and Tuesday in his new videos.
damn im atheist i dont know how to feel about this
39:00 Floyd Mayweather Conor McGregor your welcome
Fucking awesome.. he looks sexier than ever.
I Love,My Favorite! The Best!:):):):):):) Truly Sweet&Truly Beautiful! My Gwen! :-*
Please do the Ewok theme with Porg toy sounds.  It will be the PERFECT COMBINATION.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dDBvOtRaSo
amateurish and numb !! - Dont mess with Bowie :-(
My new fave artist
Shakira deja de hacer huevadas :'v
Never heard of this band but I know I'm in love :D

LOVE IT
A spaghetti cat production\n\nI'm pretty sure this isn't how the story ends 
I love you krewella!! \nFuck yellow claw! They have little talent and they suck homeless people dick as people!
I absolutely love this song!!!
you are so funy is okey.I only laf,en you are good singer end band.
I almost can't believe how terrible this video is. Such a beautiful voice deserves better..
I'M INLOVEEE WITH THIS SONG 
wow.this song so good ever!!
Its always great to see Steel Panther
Beck - Try not to get satisfied challenge
Love this 
Incredible! Go and hear my last song, Summer Love!! if you love tropical house, you will love this!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChIFebhm4y0
Is Morrissey dare I say, dare I even suggest, /ourguy/?
I LOVE THIS\nOCEANS WILL ROAR AS WE LIFT HIGH YOUR NAME
Come have your way, Jesus!\nThis song reminds me that God is still perfectioning our lives as we live for him

Idk why Trip didnt feature since hes the one on the tour with KB
Not what I expected when I went to watch it but I dig it for sure!good shit man.
never clicked so fast in my life!!!
this is beautiful...
THIS IS THE PINK I KNOW
DID ANYONE ELSE NOTICE THE CLOUT GLASSES LMAO
Her songs dont get as much respect as Gold did....
before 2M views
That lovely lesbian listening mood (me 24/7) 
That is amazing!:)
You kinda look like Donald trump at around 1:04 1:05
that little Dirty Diana touch suits the video perfect.
Y so early
#Tiestoisthebest ..Love from Tunisia ...wonderful track
3:12 I WANT THAT WIG
damn.
U2
one of their best songs ever. as the last, brightest flash

Is she  a Christian singer
I WAS LEFT SPEECHLESS, it's too good of a song. I mean wow.
Really slime omg this is so cool
I wasn't sure about this song then I kept listening and I love this song it's so amazing.
Fighting Igot7 to 10M 
Dank.\n\nIt feels like a lightning bolt struck the tip of my penis.
dangggg this looks amazing :) Amazing job Peter and Taylor!! #hollensfamilyinstagram
R5 is so underrated
Baby making music.
This sounds like something a late 90's to early 00' pop-rock/alternative bands would produce. I like it.
came for the choreo left cos of becky g ruining it...
Queen b slaay 
de verdad vi personas jugando con slime por 4 minutos
deep and thoughtful. love it.
Aye why isnt this on iTunes? anybody know why?
I've been waiting. It hasn't been in the album till now. \n\nWorth the wait!
Anyone here English?
that is adorable! XD
Amazing, brings up all the good ol' feelings from back in the day. So freakin metal. <3
thank you.\nthank you.\nyour songs is my treasure.\nR.I.P.
Always listen your song first
Come little children?
loved this
SO GOOD SO GOOD
Looks Madonna kkkkk
This song is not very good.  I don't hear any meaningful expression or love for Puerto Rico in a way I can digest.  This could have been much better. The switching back and forth between English and Spanish is done without conveying a clear, digestible message throughout! My Spanish is rather fluent and, for a second, I thought the song was in a different dialect! . Only later did I learn that they were singing off the names of various obscure towns and not actually saying anything! That's not good!\n\nThen the overly repetitive English portion / verse has a non-spiritual, almost atheist vibe to it.  Exactly what we don't need during a call for support!
This whole video issa parody  no wonder bart couldnt make one
Boy, this was a real eye opener
I love her voice soo much
WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN, SAM?
iconic
Can you guys do angels in the architecture?
After watching this video you still press dislike button \n      who are those 25 demons\nam in my house come and beat #OLOSHI
When your name is James and wonder what you did wrong
That girl has good some MaD skateboarding  sKiLlZ
THE ENERGY IS BACK 
OMG
can we all come together as one and all universally decree that this song should be a #1 hit instead of lame ass bro country Kane Brown, Jason Aldean and Brantley Gilbert?\nCountry Radio is killing country music. We need to kick bro country turds out of country music and bring back Brad Paisley, Alan Jackson, George Strait, Josh Turner, Joe Nichols and William Michael Morgan to the top of the charts!\nIt's a damn shame that Missing by WMM only peaked at #29, Never Gets Old by Joe Nichols peaked at #56 and Last Time for Everything by Brad Paisley stalled at #19. Meanwhile we have meaningless crap like Bottoms Up and The Weekend by Gilbert, Lights Come On, Dirt Road Anthem and Burnin it Down by Aldean topping the charts. FUCK YOU COUNTRY RADIO
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Michael Jackson is not dead
i love this song <3
guys! omg f ree amazon gift cards from here  lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?283613364
Cool?....
Lecrae should make a remix of this song with Kevin D Jimison on it!
I personally hate this one! I wish they'd go back to the same kind of songs as Demons and Radioactive!
Pete Wentz, after filming this video: Quit telling people I'm dead!\nThe rest of the band: Sometimes we still hear his voice
Hey John,  theres a lot of subtle racism in this video. And Trump hating, of course.\nThe white guy with the MAGA hat. Of course.\nBasically John, youre selling out to the liberal media.  Im disappointed in you.\n But its Guaranteed to be a hit, right? Money in your pocket John.\n\nFuck you White People,  We'll take over now...... isnt that what youre saying,  John?\nit comes across that way.  Money in your pocket.\n\nSo basically the white rednecks were in the Penthouse, while you, John, are the bellboy or whatever.. and the  evil WHITE security guards are keeping the undesirable minorities outside.\nBut then, somehow magically the minorities are all on the penthouse floor and the world is beautiful now.  Money in your pocket\n\nGuaranteed money in your pocket, man.\nAnd all the people that buy this shit are CNN Lemmings too.\nIm surprized you didnt put Putin in there too. \n\nEasy money, John.    Easy money for you.      You fuckin sellout.
this song has me in tears ....... avicii always at the top
I love marron 5
No me canso de ouvir essa msica es excepcional ...
OMG perfeito, s falta vir ao Brasil
Please cover something Just like this!!! From a brazzilian fan :D
It's hard to speak\nMumbling my poetry\nBut talk is cheap\nYour body's saying other things\nNo need to fear\n'cause the crew is here\nAnd tonight you're free,\noh come and get a groove with me\n\nFlowing like no other\ncan I get another?\nMust be nice to look like that (yeah)\nWho gave you my number?\nThey deserve a paper\nWho taught you to move like that?\n\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me you need me 'cause I need somebody\nNone of these lines will ever make you love me\nHurts good to want ya, take the pain I get from you\n\nA color queen\nNever really as she seems\nA super freak\nShe's stalling with a magazines\nWell I'm right here\nAnd I volunteer\nAnd tonight you're free (tonight)\nOh come on, get a groove with me (ooh)\n\nHey, I know you're trouble\nPouring me a double\nDamn, it's nice to feel like that\nYou're my biggest wonder\nI think I can love ya\nMust be nice to live like that\n\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me you need me 'cause I need somebody\nNone of these lines will ever make you love me\nHurts good to want ya, take the pain I get from you\n\nOoh, baby\n\nMy headache, my heartaches, I'm awake, I'm alive\nMy headache, my heartaches, I'm awake, I'm alive\n\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me you need me 'cause I need somebody\nNone of these lines will ever make you love me\nHurts good to want ya, take the pain I get from you\n\nHurts good to want ya, take the pain I get from you
lot of weird.. i love it! <3
OMFG! Can anyone tell me who alive right now cause I'm definitely not.... IT'S TOO BEAUTIFUL....
Awesome video !! Subscribe https://youtu.be/RlrxwQHEmfo
UNDERRATED !!!
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
AAAAAVVVVIIIIII
That awkward moment when your name is James....
Nipples are hard***
Relax :*
2:41 when you and your bestfriend are aboutta beat a bitch
YES BITCH, YEEESSSS
Thank God for June 9th in Pittsburgh
His voice is everything   holy cuctus
Nunca escuche tanta mierda junta.
Absolutely fabulous ! LP has the genius to renew her interpretations of her own smash hit, that's really stunning, wow ! Big respect !
How many bands can you name that are still putting out fantastic music 30 years after they formed
Before 2 Million  and in September , Anyone ?
Je vous aimes avec ta famille
One Eyed One Horned Flying Purple People Eater next. ;)
These guys are Dapper AF!!!
Fergie rocks 
Los latinos tenemos un nio que juega pokimon y los americanos tienen esto, ya se ha equilibrado la valanza

Cool remake of kayne wests flashing lights remake of waiting to exhales !!!
looks like robot chicken teamed up with Fergie and made this
Is anyone else seening just black throughout the cideo except for the beginning?
Pink?!?!?! New music?!?! NEVER CLICKED FASTER
her new album is horseshit
lit lit lit lit lit
This song is everything
Love u Camila!You're AWESOME
The story of my life
I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED THIS COLLAB AAAAGHJZJHCJVGSH
Estoy aqu x Camila 


LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I have loved this song from the start! Sexy yet very classy video....FINALLY!! Looking forward to Losing Sleep album release October 20th! Chris does it again......So proud of him!
Rick Astley wouldn't let you down...
Directioners look at the recent top 50 of this week \n(One direction members are ruling the world now)\n#35 Too much too ask : Niall\n#23 Get low : Liam\n#19 Bedroom floor : Liam\n#14 Flicker : Niall\n#13 Back to you : Louis\n#9 Just like you : Louis\n#3 Dusk till Dawn : Zayn\n\nWE NEED A SONG HARRY :(
It's out!!!Omg I waited like crazy I love it so much.
I really understood why people thought roleplaying games / fantasy games were demonic. ;p
Lovin' it Toni!
I bumped the massacre so many winters... its very under rated
It's so amazing. I'm so happy that I discovered you in 2014, your songs are my favourites! Keep it up!
Beautiful baby
Coooooolllllllllll!!!!! 6!  WHY 462.k likes? YOU ARE THE BEST!
Paul Rudd
www.soundcloud.com/canarycolors \nInstagram: canary_valens\nSnapchat: canary_colors \nTwitter: @Thekidcanary
Remembering all the good times 
When will pheobes songs hit 1million
Ahora tengo  cierto temor por nuestro baby :/ Se atrevi a tanto.
She's Right!!!
This was EPIC
Need a remix/part II with the missing members....
BITCH YASSSSSS
http://jeremycamp.com/\nFacebook & Twitter : @jeremycamp\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uOvL5eLpeE&index=1&list=PLThUGLVFSH9phzzRZA1RCIcJVawyx2E3E
Beginning of third song, was it meant to be a tribute to Glen Campbell's Southern Nights?
I am not joking when I say that I broke down in tears. This was absolutely beautiful.
Mxico 
the best 
I loved it but wtf
Jared says weird shit sometimes just to fuck with people, especially with reporters. He mentioned used condoms himself, obviously joking, but it backfired spectacularly on him. Might even damaged his career.  Echelon knows his weird sense of humor, others clearly don't.
You're the most beautiful Rose blooming in this garden full of weeds.
R5's music evolution is somenthing sooo dope
Wow.  Absolutely amazing.
JUST HERE WAITING FOR THE MUSIC VIDEO FOR STRANGERS TO COME OUT <3 the wait is killing me!!!
esto no es musica cristiana
ALEX NEEDS MORE APPRECIATION <3
real ones been known this SLICK TRACK
OMG I forgot about this song I herd from the radio that pink had a new song and I tottely forgot about
9.5/10. Not enough shots of Eli.
This song is one of the best things that has happend to me today. Thank you so much u are amaizing Jessie Ware
i really love her laugh <3 <3
As always your awesome dej loaf
yo soy Puerto Rico
41 in Euro size is a 7 1/2 or  8 in US men's, because 42.5 in Euro in size 9 in US men's
LOVE THIS !!!
Whos here before they reach a mill
I love her because she would not deny or feels shame about who she used to be, she embraces who she was and be who she is at the same time
YO THIS IS SO GOOD IVE MISSED YALL SO MUCH & I KNOW I SAY IT A LOT BUT IM PRETTY SURE A LOT OF OTHERS FEEL THIS WAY TOO
Love love love her. She's talented in everything she does and obviously hard working. She deserves all her blessings.
Niall always laugh like he did in this video, it makes me laughs too. He is so cute
I just clicked just to listen to Nicki Minaj
Give us cherry not get free:(
Beautiful
LAY IS
I love this so much
He is no Lindsey Buckingham but it was good!!
i love you sam smith^^
Fuck yeah. Good ass song.
It's Cameron!!!!!!!! From Allstar Weekend!!!!!!\nAny fans here? \n@1:00
m your biggest fan jhene . I love you so much

Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Balvin...
I don't know why, but I feel like they like the word veins.
LOVE IT!
I want him, Robert Crumb and Woody Allen to form a band now.
Love this Song *-*
Michael eres mi idolo
when she woke up i screamed 
How long is your dck?
What was that mess before the are you ready kids part?
the QUEEN is BACK!!! 
Put a shirt on please lol

Play @ 1.25x speed, sound like some shit a band would play just better than that band shit 
queen of music
Hay I liked that :)
what even is this song  yo Sadie got that flo but these lyrics 
Always loved this song no matter how old it is
- Eu amo eles aaaah brbrbr 
sonny melton was my best friends uncle and she just sent this video to me...
Pure brilliance
Dua Lipa eu te venero
This Charming Man has another hit on a hillside desolate.
<3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rest In Peace Grant Hart.
Beautiful. 
Track is magnific 
Great song. My favorite. James is the best.
OMG YAAAAAASSSSSSS 
Two beautiful voices...amazing together.
I like the song! It's so fresh and smooth feel
Priceless
<3
Tamar you are Da shit!!! your vocals are off the walls!!!! and you give us that heart wrenching music we so love and miss in this day and age. it is definitely not time for you to be hanging up  the towel, especially since you have fought for this for so long. But we understand that family is important to you than the music business. you truly are a gift and I'm really sad that this is your last album. but for the bowout I do pray you get that grammy for best R&B  vocal performance  you truly deserve it. who? in the game right now can sing like that or hold a torch to you. you are truly loved by many and have touched and  inspired many.
I love this 
:)
LOVE IT!
Literally listened to this 50 times in a row....
Cad o Brasil nos comentrios?
Wow, just amazing love it  
Gods yes. Another sublime song from a wonderfully talented man. Can't wait to see him live again so I can hear him sing this song!
https://www.g2a.com/r/gamingcoupons
Lecrea you are amazing I can't wait for your next album God bless
Q linda! Se nota q es la cantante mas versatil y como ella ninguna
Alex bro I liked your part alot and all but damn it my boii Cardona saved this shit  
Tinfoil on her boobs? Why?
Crap why did she have to ruin one of Tom's best songs she's couldn't of done something else
Love it!
Zac emotionless af
Wellcome back Danny!!
hOLY SHIT I JUST CAME FROM ALINA AND MAJID JORDAN AND THEN HER I AM NOT READY
What?!?! Only 1 million subs?!?
Latina
Which song is that?
This should be Offset featuring Gucci Mane!!!
una super cancin  quiero escucharla mil veces, se me emparaguaron los ojos al ver la alegra de la gente, el amor que muestras  a tu pueblo y la respuesta que ellos dan ha ese amor y compromiso es lo mximo, todo pasa en pescaito  
Nossa... A figurinista Yasmine Sterea conseguiu destruir o clipe dessa linda musica... Que figurinos horrorosos... Fiquei pasma...
Taylor is so goofy 
I cried ;-;
Help my channel and subscribe  
IM REALLY IT
child molesting piece of shit.
I haven't even bought a Halloween decoration yet and this comes out
They never aged?? And I did? No fair lol
Absoulutely makes me crii
4.711.700vues\n4.000.000 only me...
Great album ! Darius at his best
This is my happy pill!
Oh my gosh this is such a great song! You're such an incredible artist! I love your voice! I can't wait til your album comes out!
guys i have made a lyrics for this  song .the linkk is given below.plz like subscribe and share the videos and dont forget to comment it ITS MY FRIENDS CHANNEL. SUBSCRIBE LIKE AND AHRE AND DONT FORGET TO COMMENT.THE LINKS IS BELOW\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTCSfphElcQ&feature=youtu.be
HONESTLY CARI.. I just  wanna thank you for writing such a beautiful, honest and open song!  Much love from the Netherlands 
God I love this man's voice
My Charliee.. really love this song... 
I have problem choosing wether Graduation or 808 and Heartbreaks to be my favorite album

This is pretty nice, who wrote it?
the best part from this song is 00:00 - 03:18
Missing my love
4:17 that scared the fuck out of me  but good song MGK
On trending? Dang, Finally making a appearance! This is probably my favorite new song of the album.
Shes so damn classy. This is stunning WHERES THE ALBUM
When I first heard this, I was literally dancing with my sweetheart in my living room. I looked at her and said this is going to be our first dance song. Cause this song unbelievably describes to the last detail. She is my best friend, my very reason, and why I look forward to tomorrow. Cause it means that we are that much closer to being husband and wife. October 13 2018 can't get here soon enough.
I like how they used the lighting so that with each loop layer, it was a different color.
new youtube couple J&K forevaaaa
I disregard the warning by not lowering the volume and now I have a headache. I'm off to prepared some tea.
unexpected colab but perfect mix 
Morrissey is washed up. He's made some of my favourite music of all time, but the occasional half decent pop song is a mere scratch on the poetic masterpieces he used to produce.
00% Nudity, 00% Vulgar Words, 100% Inspiration, 100% Kygo's Tropical House
Boy am I glad that real llamas don't attack people with shovels, or we would have to change the way the criminal justice system works.

Now this is music- food to the soul, food to my soul
Not understanding the outrage when she is just mirroring what's popular in hip-hop at the moment. At least you know her blaccent is not fake. By today's standards...ignorance is common sense and censorships the norm. Like our POTUS, this is your fault America...accept it and move on.
Please help support some newlyweds by buying some https://mamamag89.scentsy.us/party/8393605/dora-luz-lawrences-party

Minorities riding up the social economic ladder and being intergraded in society beautiful

Young Lady Melisandre
Omg
my weave has been snatched
Lit!!!!
I swear he gets deeper as he goes on every song is art
amazing!
Tamar bringing it love her new song Blind she a angle for real it gave me chills she know how to hit that note it's on point please don't make this your last album u the  stronger woman I know u put that magic in it I hope u win the Grammy if not I'll be mad cause u d it no matter what people think of you I believe in you always giving your fan what they want  can't wait to get your new album
Truly awesome jessi j
thats one of these songs i gonna remind in 10 years, like uhhh that song i LOVE ITT u too? let me know! :D
Omg!  I love it 
I love this so much! But, I have to know...! Is this about Luke James???
Amazing!
REST IS PEACE TOM.\nThe world loses a great performer but heaven gains you.\nThank you for the music. X
Woahhh, if just one person reads this it will make my day. I'm a music artist from Los Angeles. I am aware folks type these comments everyday, but I honestly do believe that I will be the one you'll be excited you really heard. I am almost at 15,300 subs and rising. If ONE PERSON could just give this a thumbs up, you will be a great step closer to helping a person's dreams come true. I swear that I don't suck and you won't be disappointed. I Just need one chance and 3 minutes.
Illuminati
      ,      
only Mr. Crowder can do this!
QUE HINOOOOO, GURIAAAA 
AT QUE ENFIM VIADAAAAAAA
Fantastic!
2017 
If they weren't talking for it, I probably would've got some more of them, they kept making me doubt myself
I NEED FULL TRACK
This might sound kind of weird but I'm lowkey getting a christmas vibe from this song and I have no idea why
Toni has beautiful sexy voice nice song not the greatest.
This album is the death of me
<3
miss ma bby
Fucking Amazing!
Loves! Shemsssss, binuntis mo naman ako Babe. Sakit nun Brad. 
I'd like to see a graveyard smash.
She's naturally pretty
Sorry to be the negative comment here, but you are contributing to probable early hearing loss for this poor baby, seriously!
yeah.
Thank you for this cover! You are my role model and you inspire me to be me! Even in the time i'm in and i'm having a hard time and you help me so much! Even if i die i would like to thank you Alec!!!!
Please i cant wait
I'm all about pride!
One of my faves from the album next to Particles
I feel like they're gonna break up I loved the music video tho
This is amazing 
great..rt hay
obessedddddd with this song  chris u looking damnnnn fine baby 
gucci verse is craaazy 
What a beautiful song!!
cd completo ja quero
Is it me or does she sound like Trina and Toni on some parts? Anyway Tay slayed once again 
Girl you not ugly. I still love you though.
We miss u in South Africa. Pls co me again
Love this 
She does it again...............perfectly executed she back to stay.......
Dave definitely put 200% into this.
Can't wait to see him as JD
Yay petit biscuit merci ^^
beyonce ruined my favourite latin song
Is it me, but their songs have hidden associated with the name of their group
Russia 
Goosebumps 
This isnt my type of music but holy shit and same goes to Wasted Youth  and what really gets me is cuz to fuck it up takes two. Yeah that shit i did, yeah, you did too
bang on Tiesto
4k dislikes ? seriously whats wrong with these people
You'll be number one on my wishlist.
Like si hablas espaol 
Used to be a brony and this is so beautiful 
This song is me! I always feel like a failure, and my mind tells me to stop trying but I just can't! I can't take the feeling! I never feel good enough for anyone. This song makes me just want to change. Thanks so much, NF. Your my inspiration to keep trying.
loved this
The world needs to stop sleeping on her! She has an amazing, unique voice accompanied by intriguing, meaningful lyrics along with stunning music videos, and an attention getting aesthetic!

IM READY FOR THE NEXT ALBUM
living like a flopping washed up fatty can be so tough
Anyone else liking this new tune? Like Kane usually has a style of songs this is a bit different and I love it
Great job! I didn't expect Dragon Age Inquisition.
I swear he looks like Zayn. He is so gorgeous and those high notes 
THIS SHOULD BE #1 IN THE CHARTS
This is so fucking amazing and i love the style of rap hes taking on now really putting his emotions and situations into music idc what people say if this sounds bitch but LOTS of respectt
First comment when this song is popular 10 years from now haha
Dang Sadie is so gorgeous 
honey bee 2
Andrew can you make music with a midi fighterlike Shawn Wasabi?
GET IT LECRAE! You went hard.
 great job
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH <3 TAYLOR YOU'RE FREAKING CUTEEEEEEE
is the Black Album, Pacific Daydream? Or is this just a separate Album?
i love the kid's shirt, its the same as the girl wearing in it aint me music vid
this song deserves so much more attention!
Yesssss. Lin, I love you so much. You should seriously make a ton of songs! YOU ARE MY HERO.
This is the very best video on the internet. 100% hands down.
MY PUSSY
 AMAZING
I notice she doesn't have her wedding rings on her left hand
Well, Love the song! Adore the artist! However...the lyrics, I do not like. How can Heaven be better? Two words, Jesus Christ!
Where is Martin and Andrew?
Listened to this during his boiler set, truly stunning! Check it out if you haven't already
Nice job
I love how different he sounds from stone sour and slipknot. Idk how he does it but fuckig awesome!!!
JEWZ ROCK!!!!!!!
Another amazing song 
JUNTOS! PUERTO RICO
BECK IS SO COOL his vids keep getting better and better
Amazin Track \n\nCraig goes to RnBass
All the love for this men.
helie love ur previous single most girls and this is soo catchy at my first losten . ull reach heights and ine day ull be on global domonation.
OMFG!!! I AM SO HAPPY NOW!!!!!! HELL YES!!!
I would hate this, but this theme is too catchy to loathe.
Corey Taylor pole dancing? Yes please!
Amazing!!!!!!! 
Remind me The Way You Make Me Feel, from MJ
About time 
Yeh this is the version I remember. High School Older Brothers and Livid Festival. I love Brisbane.
COME TO BRAZIL PLEAASE
YEEEES WE LISTEN TO THIS SONG IN MY CLASS I LOVE MY TEACHER SHE INSPIRES ME TO BE A GREAT PERSON EVERY AND EACH DAY
I loooooooooooove you so much...all your songs make me happy and forget everything and just dance and laugh. ..
Mi amor.!
Magic!!
I'm in love with a woman who doesn't like guys. I love it.
Welcome back the evergreen legend 
You guys absolutely rock please come to Australia!
Sucked. worst music ever. Dumb.
i wish more of these comments were about the actual video than people complaining about the clique or the clique complaining lmao
This is what happens when Crazy Canadians get ahold of a Hip Hop song
The book made me cry so many times and now this song is going to do the same!!
I love you Michael Jackson
Everybody here saying they thought it was a charlie puth cover and I'm here like nop never heard of it, this is the only song that came to my mind when I saw the title
Worl of walking dead hahahahahha jk
i feel blessed  queen
Yes love cardi b
I'm subscribing
Well, Sam Smith You've Done It Again... I'm Crying
Before i watch this video,it was 9million views.but now it's 10million views
When in the music business, as in real life, there is no such thing as good old days. Like a rollercoaster there are ups and there are downs in life and it never ends, so here's to the good new days ahead, and no, we no longer use an outhouse either. LOL
Who's obsessed with this song??
this song is such normie trash
Who is this white suppremist
Good song, the beginning reminds me of Drive from The Cars. Great voice, like always.
Ultimate beautiful typical-scene video.
Her hairstylist did a great job recreating all those different looks! Wonder if we'll get a BTS of Taylor learning the choreography?
I guess 666 people prefer Traumatic Beauty!
Beautiful song with powerful words for us all and especially for the families who are having to say goodbye. Eric Church you did a wonderful thing when you wrote this. I am glad you know God.
i love it grammy grammy grammy in the making and u to The Real  #Tamar.com
0:37 that was crazy im so sexy what the hell lmaoo (ik she didnt say that but it looks like she did)
Vrd att vnta p / Well worth the wait.
We're so thankful in Puerto Rico for all the support! PUERTO RICO SE LEVANTA!! Gracias!!
holy shit 
#TheBestSinger, She is beautiful young lady and have more talent. Bravo Grace..... 
Hey I'm your biggest fan love your music
I dont get these comments like who's here before 1 million?...like whos here before 2020? And whos here before his/her own death? Whos here before whatever
Youtube black? Gotta keep the races segregated, right progressives?
Missing R...   
Subscribed at 0:48
this video just makes me happier to say that im such a huge fan of imagine dragons
S eu que to esperando um extended mix do Alok pra essa track? Ser que sai?
I didn't really like this song until now I understand it... Can't wait any longer for a new album!!!
- LYRICS -\n\nDon't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\n\n\nI think it's time I let my heart out on the line\nI think it's time to say what's playing on my mind\nI see you out with him and I say that I'm fine\nHappens every time (every time)\n\nI'm sick and tired of playing games\nI'm sick and tired of being second place\nAnd I know if I never try\nI'll be sick and tired of being sick and tired\n\nDon't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see, girl)\n\nYou know how much I love it when you call me out\nYou see it in my eyes, the way they follow you around\n'Cause yeah, I like the way you dance\nYou know I do, yeah I do\n'Cause that's just you\n\nI'm sick and tired of being friends\nI'm sick and tired of being there\nAnd I know if I never try\nI'll be sick and tired of being sick and tired\n\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\n\nSo, let's make it personal\nTell me what you like\nLet's make it personal\n'Cause I know that you want to try to get personal\nTell me what you like\nLet's make it personal (personal)\n\nSo, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nDon't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nGirl, don't take it personal\nBut personally, I think you'd be better with somebody like me\nBut worse of all, you don't even see (you don't even see)\nShare lyrics on Facebook\nLihat Berita The Vamps
naturaaall
I literally had to take off my earphones, omfg that almost destroyed my eardrums! my ears are pulsating lmfao heed the warning people! DO NOT WEAR HEADPHONES.
we been knew
imagine if they collaborate with die antwoord
This is a little girl so truthfully what can she possibly know about it lol she's got something going but she's still a baby
Swoon!
I have no idea who this person is. I never listen to this kind of music. But I saw my nigga x sooo
the girl reminds me of a Marilyn Monroe
Does anyone know where I can find his You don't love me yet sweater??
YESSSS
I am not joking when I say that I broke down in tears. This was absolutely beautiful.
LOL! This one is funny.
He visto este video  parandolo segundo a segundo para ubicar cada calle e identificar a cada vecino y amigo. Estoy lejos de mi familia y mis amigos; y vindolo slo me dan ganas de regresar!!!!\nViva Pescaito,el 20 de julio, el bajo, Nacho Vives, Juan XXIII, la ciudadela, 1de Mayo, ......, Viva Santa Marta y su Gente!!!!!!
WAVY
U2 the best rcok band ever
I Love every song they put out I'm ready to see them in 3 weeks

No me canso de ouvir essa msica es excepcional ...
I am like dead after first listening, Nick i so, but so underrated!
When did Weezer become another lifeless pop act?
Why he look like Beatlejuice from Howard Stern in the thumbnail? 
I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR HER (WDSLM) youtu.be/MYm9bJUHN08  #stvincentfan
Woohhhooo This is so so Awesome!! Bigman since your first?! video got viral i'm your fan ;) hehe Awesome you both :D
Lay is Slay .... Happy Lay day in china sheep day ...Chukae Yixing
Anitta como sempre engajada no movimento da preservao da Amaznia e da calcinha transparente... Kkkk
**whitest dance ever**
Adam Kubota is back YAAAY !!!
I have tired from my life this song makes me relaxe
Wait. I can get cool powers that I can control with my mind by playing Pokemon? Sign me up!
Here before this TALENTED HUMAN blows up? 
This was hilarious to me ..I can very much relate!
Africoon \nAfro-Anthropoid \nAfroid \nAfropoid\nAmericoon \nBaboon \nBangkok Nigger\nBlack (as in 'payback black!') \nBlack Ass \nBlack Hole (Ho) \nBlack Tiger Bait \nBlackamoor \nBlackie \nBlacky \nBlood (or Crip) \nBlubber Lips\nBlue Gum \nBlue lip -s (as in 'blue lipped little chimp') \nBone nose \nBongoid \nBootlips (Bootlipped turd) \nBoy \nBrillohead \nBro-Hammer (As in Cadillac Brougham) \nBrowny \nBubba (or Bubba Brown) \nBuck (male) \nBurrhead \nButtnugget \nChimp \nCongoid \nCoon \nCotton picker \nCrackhead \nCrumb-snatcher (nigglet) \nCrip (or Blood) \nDAFN \nDark Waste of Space \nDarkie (or Darky) \nDefendant \nDoo-Doo Brown (Mr.) \nEggplant \nEthiop \nFecal critter \nFuckwit \nGolly wog \nGorilla \nGroid \nGutter monkey \nHigh Yella (light-skinned negro) \nHo (female) \nHomo-simian\nHood Rat \nInmate \nJig \nJigga \nJiggaboo (or Jigaboo) \nJigroid \nJungle bunny\nKaffir \nKnuckle dragger \nKoko \nLooter\nLiver lip \nLiverlips \nLOOTer \nMajete/pinche majete (Sp.) \nMau-Mau \nMelanzana (la) (=Eggplant) (It.) \nMestizo (bastard) \nMidnight at noon \nMississippi wind chime\nMonkey \nMoolie -s (Am. & It.) \nMoon cricket \nMoose lips \nMorgue Dog \nMoving target \nMud People \nMud Puppy \nMud Shark \nNegro \nNegroid \nNig \nNigger \nNiggerRican \nNigglet (rug rat)\nniggROIDS\nNignog \nNog \nO.J. \nObsolete Farming Equipment \nOctoroon (One-eighth nigger)\nPickaninny \nPiece of shit \nPorch Monkey \nPotato nose \nQuadroon (One-quarter nigger)\nR.N. (Resident Nigger) \nRaggamuppet \nRedbone (light-skinned negro) \nRubber lips\nSambo \nSaucer lip \nSavage \nSemi-simian \nSerf (Shit Serf) \nShine \nShitlips \nShitskin (or Shit Skin) \nShitter \nShvartz -(g)er (=Black) (Jidd.) \nSlave
Suddenly the sounds of the 60s bump my mind because of the tune of this song <3.
I miss the boys
Great sound, superb lyrics... We're still alive and kicking in this fucking crazy world!
WHOA HAHA XD DUDE BRO IT'S ENTER SHIKARI MUSIC BOUNDRIES ARE POINTLESS LOL\n\nyeah but music is supposed to inspire something interesting, evoke some sort of emotion\n\nthis just seems bland, tired. it's like there's no soul. Live Outside was at least something interesting while being different but this is just a big build up to nothing. What am I nervous of? it's like a declawed cat. There's no punch. I won't sit here and say EVERY ALBUM IS WORSE THAN THE LAST ;((( because I think every album has something interesting. There were people saying the same thing right before Mindsweep, which was a pretty good album by my standards.\n\nLike, you know music isn't made only to be different and to ABUSE WORTHLESS GENRE BOUNDRIES LOL right?\n\nIt's funny because the more radical and clear their message gets the more and more produced and mechanical their music sounds. It feels like any sort of generic product I'd buy off a shelf: Great Value Punk.
todo lo que puedo ver es Anita y cr7.
You're a shit rip off of the weeknd. Suck a dick and fuck off of YouTube.

The crowd was so weak... they couldve  at least stood up or something
I freakin love this song!!'n ON REPEAT
love Shakira 
Hi rach.  Please don't go. Kc and the sunshine band
el bendito soon
Always & Forever 
my puerto rico our puerto rico is a blessing this song made me feel hope. this is a deep song everyone needs to hear it it uplift the prayers in the spirits.puerto rico my people feel we will over come. well put together . by the best artist our Puerto ricans can only feel to put it out there with such feeling.goose bumps.while i was not there my mind was out not just to my mom but to to my entire  family. all who living in p.r..
Ricegum took the L
OMG!! What an amazing video!!
What the fuck
Your amazing Shakira!!! LOVE the Huskies at the beginning of video!! I personally have two beautiful Siberian Huskies!!!
LINDOS, MARAVILHOSOS E TALENTOSOS\nCOME TO BRAZIL AGAIN
Maravilhosa! <3
Addicted 
I'm in love with this song 
Rest in Peace
One word amazing
wwwwwwww
Good god, this is so bad.
No es pro criticar o de envidia pero era mejor la cancion de antes
Good
This song makes me want to drive my lego car to school

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmKkRhPuhVF660P54QdeGeQ
That's your existence make me keep breathing\n\nDAMN RIGHT
2:12 
She should make a music video with Nikki manaj
This is actual art I love it so dearly
Can u come to oregon or washington...I <3 grace so fucking much
Ft. Tiesto.... real producers will know why this is funny...
Love it :)
Best single so far.
Lol she is still fat.
I'm late to the party but I love this
It sounds like Rihanna pasha ropt #2 
A voz da Bebe  Incrvel
Amazing song 
Vou cantar essa msica um dia!
Best. Video. Ever.
0:35 - 0:41: well I really thought it sounds a bit like Born this way?!
Anitta no video s2
This track is good! Who else is eating a marshmallow while watching this?
I love the sparkly background
She's so amazingly good at capturing and expressing her emotions through her music. It's so genuine. And a big reminder of the essence of music in general.
I love this song so much thank u kygo!
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.
So much fun !  They can be all friends but there is always a limit! She is their boss and they have to respect her as a boss and not as a friend... many singers go through the same stage of life that she is going... although she is having fun and she seems to be pretty cool
This sounds like no music 
wowwww ..cool!!!
This is unbelievable....
hhg
Pourquoi pas de concerts  Lyon ?
Tfw coming off heroin, but your band has a gig.
This was posted when I was in the middle of chemistry I still watched it though\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOh also I was gift with a detention 
FUCK YEA. He's back 
After the rain ... <3
cool song
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=74572
Why do i feel like this song's gonna be in the shape of water..
She is fucking a Muppet a fucking Muppet
Keep up the good work man and laugh at the haters who doubt your success there probably broke as hell and there only hubby's are youtube jacking off all day and never get pussy. Stay doing you man love it
WOW A QUEEN CANT WAIT TO SEE U AGAIN I LOVE YOU YOU LITTLE ANGEL
LMAOOO loved Joanne's cameo! Love the whole concept as well and both of them are so talented!!! Fits perfectly with the song
Se escucha Get Free en el segundo 3:31 <3
Oddly Satisfying
Anitta, Hugo gloss and Neymar 
2017 and male singers still change the lyrics so they can feel straight enough
I LOVE THIS WOMAN.
I love this song so much, and Luke
Gayest boxing gym I've seen
Ela t de volta!!! esse momento  nosso, Brasil 
I'm so freaking hyped!!!!
my first reaction was: THIS ALBUM ART HAS COLOUR
Never expected this. I love both of their voices so much 
Loveeeee 
dope
Can't sing to save your life or the next person's. Still not buying the 'romance' with Blake Shelton\nSpare our ears and eyes and get the hll off our screens
OMG ESTE'S ARMS GUUUURRRRRL!
clicks right and loop
Let us show EXO L and the anti what our boys are!!!
:) I love you babe. :)
I was barely down to leave my bed today but once I pressed play my soul was good to go again. My father actually got killed on Tuesday and I've been coping strangely. Thank you Little Dragon.
Tony Brazil i love youuuu!
Love it when is the next o e coming
no candles were harmed in the making of this video

And they say white people have no culture.
I luv it
When KB starts............
Let's start a Revolution, people.
My fav song is... turn it up its your favorite song dance dance dance to the distortion turn it up keep it on repeat stumbling around like a wasted zombie yeah i think we are free drink this one is on me wr are all chained to the rythum
Is there credit linking the original video clips?

I love you charlie and your songs
A Beyonc arrasa
Indonesian Here!!!!
Beautiful 
Me encanto
Amazing
Total shit fucking music now is all shit and this is too good
YEEESSSS!!!
No crowd joke anywhere? Really? And mustang is in the title??!!!!
While this isn't the greatest song Weezer has ever released, there is no denying this is catchy af.
This makes me want to put peanut butter on my dogs penis and lick it
YES CONNAN!!!
I love how she managed to answer such ridiculous questions. Interviewers need to stop bring up 2013 Miley and the VMAS.. but her answers shows how beautiful she really is.
[Verse 1]\nI'm staying in tonight\nI won't stop you from leaving\nI know that I'm not what you wanted\nAm I?\nWanted someone who I used to be like\nNow you think I'm not trying\nI don't argue, it's not worth the effort to lie\nYou don't want to bring it up\nAnd I already know how it looks\nYou don't have to remind me so much\nHow I disappoint you\nSuggest that I talk to somebody again\nThat knows how to help me get better\nAnd 'til then I should just try not to miss any more\nAppointments\n\n[Verse 2]\nI think if I ruin this\nThat I know I can live with it\nNothing turns out like I pictured it\nMaybe the emptiness is just a lesson in canvases\nI think if I fail again\nThat I know you're still listening\nMaybe it's all gonna turn out all right\nAnd I know that it's not, but I have to believe that it is\n\n[Bridge]\nI have to believe that it is\nI have to believe that it is\n(I have to believe it, I have to believe it)\nI have to believe that it is\n(Probably not, but I have to believe that it is)\n\n[Chorus]\nAnd when I tell you that it is\nOh, it's not for my benefit\nMaybe it's all gonna turn out all right\nOh, I know that it's not, but I have to believe that it is
I miss Blue Oyster Cult
She is not going on tour
Lmao RIP if your name is James because everybody be hating on a James now
Always good vibes listening to PRETTYMUCH\nLove it
Lil penny looks like a big ass quarter
And once again tiesto rocks :)
\n\n\n\n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n\n
Look, I love his music but this album is different...\nI love glorious but all this is abit bad sorry.\nNo Hate I LOVE U MACKLEMORE
1 second I subscribed;) this is amazing
New life motto if you could choose any flavor in the world, would you still choose vanilla?
I fucking loved it from the first time. Cari you're impossibly possibly incredibly AMAZING
Yay petit biscuit merci ^^
Thanks you for  your beautiful  songs, Thanks ypu for returning a bit of my Tug! I miss you Tug!
OKAY BUT HAS ANYONE ELSE TRIED FIGURING OUT IF THE WORDS PEACE SIGN MIDDLE FINGER OR MIDDLE FINGER PEACE SIGN IS ANYTHING WHEN PLAYED BACKWARDS BC IVE TRIED BUT I CANT GET MUCH OUT OF IT ASIDE FROM IT SOUNDING LIKE SEE OR SHE AND SOMETHING LIKE HURT OR SOMETHING
YES!!!!
I don't think he realizes there are, more Hispanic countries than Mexico and the Carribian
I've never been so confused. Lol. Love the song tho.
Mhmmmm
oml she's so cute and i love her so much
Guy we have an hour left lets stream like crazyyyyyy!!!
Like, who even wants to dislike this beauty 
*Video ndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?lbR0zgK3bfTiz8UKASIA1U30dO=47diHfbt5iha
My fav songs from Broken Machine: Live Like Animals, Broken Machine,  Particles and Hell, Yeah. What an album!
Incredible!!!

This song deserves  more than billions views Rachel is the best
YAYYY
La versin de Dani ride\n
She threw down on this one.  This is one of the best songs she has recorded.  So glad she didn't retire she has too much talent.  Seven whole days your second place now!!!
Dave with Soviet Union symbol? With the symbol of the totalitarian regime, which took lives of milions of people? Is he some kind of puppet or he did it with full concience?\nDave i symbol sowietw? Symbol reimu, ktry zabi wielu naszych rodakw. Nie wiem, czy Dave to tylko marionetka, czy zrobito wiadomie. Moim zdaniem tego symbolu w tym teledysku nie powinno by, bo jest to propagowanie zabjczych reimw.
i love her and the way she thinks
..THE DAWN OF A NEW DAY HAS COME BEFORE US WITH AN UNAPOLOGETIC TRUTH.
AMAZINGGGGG I WANNA SEE THEM LIVE
25 boring people with some weird way of thinking... Their business though
I found my new love
yesterday new Lana del Rey, today X Ambassadors and Fall Out Boy, tomorrow Alan Walker... am I in heaven? <3
You are so amazing kane
a bit of Nine Inch Nails' touch
still waiting for the other version
A lot of vaginal imagery here
Great as always\nListening you guys is a pure pleasure \nI love it!
Can soneone PLEASEEE help me @ 00:26 it reminds me of another song by a girl but i can't pinpoint it. I think the lyrics go something like and if you feel you can not stayyy or if you choose to walk awaayy i have no idea i have the tune in my head OMGGGGG
Come and get a groove with me
Amazing I want to make a video like this with someone !!!
*_Woah, it's really A Different Way of dropping the beat down_*
HE HAS SUCH A AMAZING VOICE AAA T-T HE DESERVES SO MUCH LOVE AND RECOGNIZING
Is beautiful !!
Mardotane defarkanto sere rrem
You have a huge heart Eric.. God Bless you!!!
The Maine aesthetics > every other bands aesthetics
This song is everything that's in my heart... breaking a million times over and over....My tears never end...
finally
i physically cannot stop listening to this song
Why do bands sound so good starting hard, then they go soft? Don't give me they are growing crap. Look at All Tha Remains latest.
Why did they have to schedule their concert the same day as John Bellion :((
Love this man 
Absolutely perfect!
Below average 
I'm the person who gave the 709th like
0:18 isnt it Malu?
*i was still changing my diapers*
que buen tema en espaol tienen que hacer ms en espaol
MASTERPIECE. 
Put it in 1.25 playback speed
Whoahh this song is goals
Negredonun gol verilmedi, bunun stne dinleyince bi duygulanyo insan...
This just clicks with me and I don't know why
HOLY SHIT. These guys are taking chances and I love it! One Foot was great, but this is on a whole other level. Im so hyped for their new album.
loved it, hope to get to see more music from you
Before 1m 
Puta mierda xd
She is so beautiful
Me fighting with my friend.
LA nuff said
I am  8
I will always love u
Save it til mornin? Bitch every day is a new day and If I go to bed angry you'er going to have to reopen the wound to fix anything
When did Weezer become another lifeless pop act?
02:03 
she is in love
Eric church, a true talent! No amount of bullets. God bless you!
Looks like a lot of fun and it's a great video. Thanks Crowder!
emotionally unstable
This is  YELLOW MOTHER FUCKIN CLAW 
Catchy af!
Solo milloz loks
Fucking Amazing!
Hehehe howd this union work out..........
How to make it so whenever you slide your finger on the video it move where you're looking
*Sam Smith! You are AMAZING!! Tell me how you do this??!! I Can't wait for the new album. World needs amazing artists like Sam to know what real Music is. I have made an acoustic cover of this song I would appreciate and it will help me be motivated if you guys check it out. I hope you guys like it. Thanks.*
#realmusic
so sexy
i love you camila bebe 
Someone should tell this sad fool that Southpark did it first.
Grace you inspire me so much i have loved you since 2016 keep up the good work also I am 1000000000% sure Grace is not going to read this. Love ya
I love this song.  People healing gives me hope.
late squad where are u at??
eu hein.
Corey no pole dance <3 sexyyyyyyyy
Finally February 13th 2018 I will get to meet my favorite artist face to face, NF.

Love you baby  now
IM SCREAMJDING
Masterpiece!

I love this song <3
I'm tired of him! lol #Greatness.... my God... top 2 of my favorite christian rappers
  , ,       ... ,   DEPECHE MODE!
Great!
Got to experience this brilliant cover at Madison Square Garden, love it!
Love this video, which tells a deeper story, and it is so so tragic.    \n\nJames Blunt is a pure artist.  Every song is genuine and from the heart.
Very Lorde like.
When did Weezer become another lifeless pop act?
hot shit
yall, go to 2:38 on her tips for when youre panicking video, maybe thats an explanation of the shoulder thing
Only Pink could turn a boxing ring into a dance floor...
Klasyk:-) A chce si jej cay czas sucha:-) cudna, jedyna, the best !!!!
finalmente il video 
thats amazing
You must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
What she does for her fans is so precious
Sounds exactly the same.
Nice drugs
PARTYNEXTDOOR interview?
dangi remember when the first song i heard by him was thrift shop and i didnt know who he was but know he is on my top 10 raper list
Jay z ain't no honorary Mexican tf. People talking so much shit about kap G. Double standards 
    ...... ..
 perfect like always
I hear freedom in your music. This is just so brilliant.
This is my favorite song from the album anyone else?
Google search: WUMO SEO. Its the most trusted SEO company. They offer you 100% refund policy. They're the best.
I swear wop sound like CLASSIC GUCCI MANE LAFARE on this
INLOVE.
Pink just keeps getting better and better. A star is reborn.
Just no words !!! Queen miley slays   Love you miley ..
*Sponsored By McDonald's*
What a beautiful song, great artists that can sing any and everything  ppl can talk n hate but I'm pretty sure these 2 don't really care what the public says bout them, they're surrounded by family n friends so why would they care what strangers have to say??
This is just amino
OMG speechless this is amazing I have no words
Yess finaly a new song
1:54 solo millos loks
Cuteee 
*I love how x and noah sings together at **1:26*
Welcome back babe!!!  <3
Nice song
Powerful Mr. Church! Thank you

Georges song.
2017 anyone?
Siento mucho la espera pero valdr la pena cuando te est besando 
What the fuck even is this album's aesthetic
Love it... you both look adorable in the video too ...grins :)
Where's the bed?
So beautiful!
https://youtu.be/AEBX7RbV2HI 
Should be Thisvideo is gay and so am I WTF is Steel Panther doing in it?!? Their gayness is rubbing off on SS
Beautiful Trauma.................. =) perfect
I cant even whistle that high.
kaka bo Era   Istrefi ma e zgjat se Elvana GJata ;-p
Brilliant, love it
Oh Kim I gave you everything boo goo hoo hoo
Beyonc
Now I get to go home and eat Chinese food with my cats. Me too Taylor me too
Wow all Charlies puth songs are fire  I cant describe with words how beautiful songs are
Why this isnt in the radio 
This is the first time i see 50 cent crying. RIP Prodigy
EDEN LETS GOO TRENDING
I wanna cut through the clouds, break the ceiling! \nI wanna dance on the roof, you and me alone! \nI wanna cut to the feeling, oh yeah! \nI wanna cut to the feeling, oh yeah!
Gorgeous 
Erase Me by Kid Cudi
Didn't he assault his girlfriend
awesome!!
On fire 
oh man. this song is beautiful. hearing this after being here from the very beginning somehow makes it more powerful. i cant believe how far hes come, i remember his first album before ryan lewis and all the crazy stuff in between. im amazed.
bring us all together once and for all.
Amazing Jessie!!! <333
i got a emo boner and so hard
Vv
Did he get skinnier for his facial structure to look like that or is that makeup
That was funny lol
Honestly one word for this song DOPE
Esperei esse tempo todo pra ver um beijo sem graa desses? Me poupe meu anjo.
I'm not going to lie and say that I didn't tear up from trying to hold back emotions about this loss. You guys did a great job, I think it's truly good enough for tom
Gallant 

If you've lost the way once, then you know why this song has such emotional pain.. \nTom Walker deserve more attention.
Rest In Peace Grant Hart.
IS ONE DIRECTION OVER!?!?!!?
I love you mj 
Is this played on a Porgan?

The rhythm remembers me to the Christmas & Chill Album Beat
Esquisita como sempre mds.
i lov this <3
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH SONG   I don't care Kris Wu  buy youtube views from *AUTHENTIC* *Views* *dot* *com*
my WIGGGGG
This song explains my life in vivid detail.
Wao
0:00 \nme: wow this song is good
I hear Get Free playing quietly @ 3:27 when the rocket appears in frame or is that just me? possible new video?
O don't know how I love iy
Lyrics Video Is here:\nhttps://youtu.be/9phvLiPQmiE 
i watched this when it first came out and now i know all the words , didnt think this collab would be this good
SABRINA!!!CARPENTER!!!!
Who's here before million views!!
Beautiful. I'm glad you are able to do what you love. And you have great enthusiasm.
Uaalll 
Feels like I smoked bad weed watching this video 
If I'm not gay?!!? 
i love her so much
im addicted to this song.  u are so talented
It's fucking perfect.
Hi Nigel. Is this mixed for a speaker field response or binaural response? Gonna buy the album real soon BTW!! And another curious question. What amp are you using with the hd800? Is that a portable one.. You keep moving around... Or a long cable from some amp like questyle cma800?
i liked it BEFORE i heard it ...
Now what do I do with all these tears?  Jhene is such an intelligent talented artist and it's videos like these that I consider true art. I've never been so moved by an artist before. 
Ughhh i cannot wait for this beautiful album
Wow 
I could use 2 tickets to your ny Huntington show because im a broke college student who just wants to see you guys in concert because i have been listening to american candy and lovely little lonely on repeat everyday
Love the doo wop feel to this song
@2:29 is that rudy and his mom lol
10/10 would smash the panda.
What a beautiful video.
I love all your music and I will never stop listening to it that's for sure big fan hope to meet you some day can't wait to hear your new song 
Jeszcze tylko 16 dni do premiery filmu.  A piosenka jest wprost cudowna! 
This album came out when I needed it the most. Thank you so much.
This Twenty One Pio.... Wait... This is asking alexandria?
Clap them man hands Jessie 
This should trend
the girl reminds me of a Marilyn Monroe
My dream...love
Bye kpop bands lol
Tori Kelly went the fuck off at the end! Goosebumps.
Chester genuinely seemed like a very nice guy, i wish i couldve met him ;-;\n\nRest in Peace, Chester <\n...We will never forget you.
#loveyoubts
I like much more the video than the song
This song would be great with more guitar!
What is sahara
Beautiful song
VVV #   VVV
LOVE IT
Guys we really need to learn spanish
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Whose here from TFIL?
Yaaaas king, fuck it up
Yes Jessie!!! My queen! Keep em coming
I WISH I WERE THE ONE OF THEM :(
This reminded me of the tribute he did at Michael's funeral..great job usher
that's how I feel all the time o really like ur songs so much.
BEAUTIFUL <3
Are thay ghonna stay a band?
this shit sucks, old stuffs way better lol
This is from 2011.....
Amazing song 
Love!
He ded
I'M SEEING YOU FRIDAY OH MY GOD
, ,   ,              . -     
The best song I've ever listened over here! Will be a great hit!
  
if carrie underwood ever did trap
Too bad it wasn't done in studio.  Sound quality and mixing was a bit off.
I really love how she introduces herself every single time she meets someone new. She doesn't assume that that person already knows her. It just goes to show how humble she is.
If you're not crying, just read the description. You're welcome.
Why you not me cuz you ran y didnt even tell them to run
This band is so so gooooddd ... why is it so underrated!?
Booh bagidobido bido bibodo bodo \nBooh booh bagidobido bido bibodo bodo
the end was really cool
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK I LOVE YOU CARI AAAAAAAAAAAA
AWSOME!
Those guitar players were awesome to.\nTHOSE KIDS ARE SO AWESOME! GOOD WORK. LOVE YOUR PASSION
In love with these retro sounds!!! 
LYRICS!!!\n\n[Verse 1]\nGot me living in the fast life\nSlowing down is like a pastime\nSeeing stars but not the good kind\nEyes are blurry from the long nights\nGettin' stopped wherever I go\nJust tryna fly into the next show\nThinking 'bout my family back home\nWondering Where did the time go?\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\n\n[Verse 2]\nCity after city, got a show in every downtown\nI don't wanna leave, gotta go, can we slow down?\nSlow down, oh, oh-oh\nYeah, you know we gettin' no sleep\nBack of the bus, we tryna make heat\nAll my friends I got 'em with me\nJust wanna make everyone happy\n\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange (ugh)\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\n\n[Bridge]\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange (yeah)\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!
I don't know he likes dance \nSoo smooth dance  Am just me feel it ???
can someone tag me when she does good pop music again instead of this boring non-music?
When they release the album?
This sounds like it was live, still really good
Wait what
<3 i liked
A+ choreography
I liked this music very much
who is here under 50k?
This Song is asome!!!
This song is so emotional and familiar. 2CELLOS make the cello such a good instrument.
everyone needs room to make mistakes
PROUD OF MY PUERTO RICO...STANDING STRONG TOGETHER...love the coquis in the background...I LOVE MY PUERTO RICO!!!!!
I miss Caminah honestly.. 
Ive only realised this now after watching him for a year that has he ever had a voice drop?
kygo
CHECK THIS TIP OUT https://youtu.be/C280P4CRACY
jajaja esta mierda de cancion ni pego en youtube fue un total fracaso q por q sale cristiano penaldo el g valbin ese penzo q seria un exito baboso baboso baboso
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
Who's watching today???
Love the song but this video is pure cancer
Has that Calvin Harris vibe
This is a great F***ing song. Says me while putting a dollar in Corey's pants
YASSSSSS
kawkab sahara
before 800k views
MARRY ME ALREADY ):
In one hour we did 339.359k views :D :D :D
 Perfect 
what the hell is on joeys head
sub to me and ill follow back leave a comment when done i have great songs on my channel
All I hear is screaming in a high pitch voice lol my little annoying brother can sing this *makes brother mad*....\n\n\n\n\n\n*brother gets mad screams* and that is how this type of singing was created 
I LOVE THIS WOMAN.
So chill, I love it 
I absolutely love this!!! Keep up the amazing work!!
Another hit..beautiful song..love that..the meaning behind that song is sad...sad...
I love this!! #PeterHollens you and #TaylorDavis as well as your crew are amazing!!!!!
This album is kicking asses!!!! Fergie rocks!!!
Love the song
holy shit bigman can sing in spanish
Imagine how they shot htis video
Always the best!
is it just me that feels like they're heard this song before or one almost exactly like it and can't put their finger on it?
nice
youre my favorite singer. love love
Right click, then press loop-3 days in a row for a few hours. 16/10
Beautiful Trauma is the best of the 3 known songs so far. Hope there is some rockier stuff on it as well. Dont want her to sound like Katy Perry.
This is magic.
I want Vince to learn to close his mouth and Tamer to learn to stop overglowing her nose.
Not the best lecrae song ever made..
thats my cousin !!!!!
If one person reads this, it will make my day. I'm a music artist from Texas and I'm aware people post comments like this everyday... But I genuinely believe that I'm an artist you'll actually be glad that you heard. If ONE PERSON gives this a thumbs up, you'll be an important part of helping a persons dreams come true. I promise my music is good and you won't be disappointed. I just need a chance and 3 minutes of your time to check out my music on my channel.
Really! How can u like this. The cheesiest beat I ever heard. So long for songs like The Secret by them.
Mr. Davis is gonna be up the billboard charts in a week, the best album ever made
Thank you, guys. Glorious adaptation of the old Christmas Carol. Keep it up.
This is my new Charlie Puth song 
Does anyone know when Jermey Camp is coming back to florida
Dodie would get shagged violently
CARLOS VIVES SOS EL MEJOR  ME ENCANTAN TODAS TUS CANCIONES ALGUN DIA VISITARE A LA TIERRA QUERIDA COLOMBIA SANTA MARTA os amo Colombia 
Beautiful Trauma\n\nWe were on fire\nI slashed your tires\nIt's like we burned so bright we burned out\nI made you chase me\nI wasn't that friendly\nMy love, my drug, we're fucked up, oh\n\n'Cause I've been on the run so long they can't find me\nYou waking up to remember I'm pretty\nAnd when the chemicals leave my body\nYeah, they're gonna find me in a hotel lobby 'cause\n\nMmm tough, times they keep coming\nAll night laughing and fucking\nSome days like I'm barely breathing\nAnd after we were high in the love, doped out\n\nIt was you\nThe pill I keep taking\nThe nightmare I'm waking\nThere's nothing, no nothing, nothing but you\nMy perfect rock bottom\nMy beautiful trauma\nMy love, my love, my drug, oh\n\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love... my love, my drug, we're fucked up\n\nYou punched a hole in\nThe wall and I framed it\nI wish I could feel things like you\nEveryone's chasing\nThat holy feeling\nAnd if we don't stay lit we'll blow out\nBlow out\n\n'Cause we've been on the run so long they can't find us\nWho's gonna have to die to remind us\nThat it feels like we chose this blindly\nNow I'm gonna fuck up a hotel lobby 'cause\n\nThese tough, times they keep coming\nLast night I might have messed it up again\nSome days like I'm barely breathing\nAnd after we were high in the love, doped out\n\nIt was you\nThe pill I keep taking\nThe nightmare I'm waking\nThere's nothing, no nothing, nothing but you\nMy perfect rock bottom\nMy beautiful trauma\nMy love (my love), my love, my drug, oh\n\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love, my love, my love, my drug, oh\nMy love... my love, my drug, we're fucked up\n\nMmm tough, times they keep coming\nAll night laughing and fucking\nSome days like I'm barely breathing\nAnd after we were high in the love, doped out\n\nIt was you\nThe pill I keep taking\nThe nightmare I'm waking\nThere's nothing, no nothing, nothing but you\nMy perfect rock bottom\nMy beautiful trauma\nMy love, my love, my drug, oh
saw him at the Forum in LA, Steve Winwood opened for him. BEST CONCERT EVER!
I dont get these comments like who's here before 1 million?...like whos here before 2020? And whos here before his/her own death? Whos here before whatever
He dances like Mr.Bean Lol 
STEVE CAN SHRED!!!!!
i feels you ..... 
THIS IS DA BOMB
I want a movie!!
all done eating
Kid rock always comes through this song is beautiful cannot wait til the album drops i love this guy he is a brother
This made me want to cry so hard, because I get it. I get how uncomfortable it feels to be a 6/10, I know what it's like to look around in silence and just wanting to leave because you're making everyone else feel uneasy with your trouble. \nAnd I loved your hands, how you moved. It felt like you were trying to touch something you can't quite understand. And it also felt forced, in a good way though, because when you feel like that you don't really know how to place or move your hands, so this little awkward dance starts and everything just doesn't seem right. \nYour outfit at the end also reminded me of the audition scene in La La Land, I don't remember if the clothes were the same but it reminded me of that. \nI just love this song so much, it just hits so close to home. Feeling like this to me it's the norm. \n\nGood job to everyone involved. Sammy Paul just knows how to portray emotions in the best way possible. Keep up the good work everyone, because it's gonna take you so far.

Awesome song 
What happened to Katy Perry
OMG YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS! I already love it!!!
they are so cute!
cute!\n\nVery Nice

Goosebumps
my 13 year old me is crying :-((((((((
now there's a whole lot of pussy in this video. I can only imagine the smell..... but Damn they're fine af
Spell it COME not CUMS
I freaking love this song so much!!! When ever there are days when I feel low, I grab a pen and write a small 6/10 on my wrist. That way, I can unconsciously listen to the song in my mind to help me feel a little better. It's what gets me through the day :)
wait MV
Who is she and why is she back
Rest in peace
I'm jealous of that girl. 
SO IN LOVE WITH THIS! SO IN LOVE WITH MAGGIE!
Bono sounds more like a girl with every new song. Weird.
Uh oh,  dating pool must of dried up.
orgulloso de ser de PESCAITO y de mi santa marta bella, la castellana, la playa uff que orgullo y orgulloso de colombia
Burn burn 
I dont have spotify
jadore
LEON STOP DOING THIS TO US  it's too good
Shocked that YouTube would put something this good on trending ! Praise God !
Love it!!!
niggas
When is someone gonna slap this shit out of ebro!
No #Orange. Better that that ass pic!
at 10 views 
I think I already said this on Think About That but, bitch yes! 
You're a good man to ride the river with. Thank you Tom Petty!!!
I admire your voice Hannah. Please come to Greece with Postmodern! <3 <3 <3
She makes Whoaa Vicky sound talented
Where's Jesus?
Watch these beautiful birdshttps://youtu.be/HYv8aljfJ5I
Such a beautiful song xxxxx
I was officially the 1000th dislike
So Friday i took my kids to their Mom's for the weekend, and their 16 yr old sister(my stepdaughter) introduced me to Kane Brown here. She downloaded his music to my phone I do have to say I was quite shocked at my first impression of him, little over 48 hrs later and my grown ass is driving to work listening to him and now currently on lunch break in my SUV listening to him on repeat. Even silenced my girlfriends call until the song was finished, SAD but I don't care ! this mother fucker can sing
Who dares dislike?
Seviyoruzz
everything i'm not made me everything i am 
Yeeees welcome back. :D
We all arent a producer and we arent Craig including if you dont have talents likes him pls stop complaining. He still be R&B but melody a bit cheesy but for audiences and market he has right to do that.
I'm sorryone take !!!! ??dude!!!! #HatsOff
This is why the internet exists.....
https://youtu.be/nd_EYo96lmo?t=113 Millonarios :v
Lyrics\n\nNo limit in the sky\nThat I won't fly for ya\nNo amount of tears in my eyes\nThat I won't cry for ya, oh no\nWith every breath that I take\nI want you to share that air with me\nThere's no promise that I won't keep\nI'll climb a mountain, there's none too steep\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blind\nWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you\n\nWant you to share that\n(When it comes to you)\n\nCupid ain't a lie\nArrow got your name on it, oh yeah\nDon't miss out on a love\nAnd regret yourself on it, oh\nOpen up your mind, clear your head\nAin't gotta wake up to an empty bed\nShare my life, it's yours to keep\nNow that I give to you all of me, oh\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blind\nWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you\n\nWant you to share that\n(Share) When it comes to you\nWant you to share that\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blindWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you
I Love You A Lot Of VICII\nAlwaysVICII family
TRKLER CIKARIN SESNZ 
Between her and Cardi i dont know who's glow up im more proud of but, i'm happy for both of them ;)
WOW!!!! Love the sign language and the dragon!! They/You sound AMAZING!!!
I love this!! #PeterHollens you and #TaylorDavis as well as your crew are amazing!!!!!
I always thought the girl who sang cool kids sounded like Taylor Swift
She's so underrated smh
This has a wicked blink 182 feel to it. Killed it kells, killed it!
song is a hit
Just sent this to my GF
My girl
Ever wondered what Corey taylor would look like if he were a stripper? there you go.
He's lonelyand feels unseen. :(
i ship them soooo harrdd 
It's about time!!!!!!!
niCe behind the scenes.........if ya have some time come on over 2 listen........thx Mark

Y'all never let us down
Best short film I EVER seen I'm my life.  I love you VERY MUCH, Michael! 
This must have taken so much effort to make omgg
He's better than most country singers nowadays
Boy, don't nobody own us!! 
DJ Khaled ft. Sam Smith? Would be a very interesting song.
Oh my god your voice so biutiful I love you  your are so perfect  french fan I love 
Legit af!!
his voice is so incredible.
OMG I'm laughing my ass off
Damn I love this
The original was wayyyyy better
A bit sounds like 'Million Reasons' by Lady Gaga, but this is good too.
OMG I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH
Desculpa Anitta mais essse peito de papel alumnio ficou muito engraado mais a msica  viciante ento vai que vai
No way to explain it, she is just the next level with everything she does. And I thank her.
I just love theses two people! Stay motivated and stay married to your soulmate beautiful family:)!!
real True Artist Singing
i freaking hate the ponies but i really love the song
THIS!
I have some really bad news. . . NF\n\n\n\n\nYou have BUG EYES!
Pure enchantment. Her voice is poetry for my ears 
Shit I'm feel this on a different level.. I'm really broken...
que bonito barrio ah cerca de la baha y tambin Ver jugar al pibe y bolaos jajajajaja que recuerdos saludos santa marta una ciudad divina
Hey guys I'm an up and coming artist from Austin , Tx and I would really appreciate a listen also got more on my channel check it out \nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2\nhttps://soundcloud.com/nick-mason-39/lonely2
ha, some great happiness in a troubled time!
Proud af, they are in the top 50 songs worldwide omfg !! <3333333333333333333
Brasil escutando novo hit ? 
Good song, there are no homosexuals in it!
Its like watching the oddly satisfying videos playlist on Instagram
i fucking love khalid
MUSICAL PERFECTION!!!! <3
Queee tipo de bestia es esta jajaja el mejor valee que diccin tan impresionante y la voz perfecta en espaol :o
beck mate ur a god
olly is just fit altogether tbhhe makes this video perfect
nice
Nice video.You rock girls!
THAT GAME OF THRONES CHAIN IS LIT
Mama lipa 
He really should have had someone else do that opening and chorus lol he sounded horrible
Starts 1:35 Ends 2:05
 yet another wedding DVD song for me  
long time no see
Cardi B the New Female 
hate to say it but Denis took the band back to its metalcore roots but this song just sounds like post hardcore. i'd rather just listen to their Debut album instead. its way better anyway. imma go do that right now
OMG Kevin's voice is beautiful
Love it !!!!
que clipe!
OMG! <3
Chiiiiiiiill
Great great song .......luv it
Zzzzzzzzzz. Boring. Stale. Ha ha ha ha.
Looks like 559 people have their screens inverted.
where's the lyrics comment when u need em?
Best song in his reykjavik boiler room set...
You just keep getting better!  If I Told You will always get me!
Bebe Rexha the best.
This make's me wanna see the movie

This is the first time I've wanted to play Pokemon.  That alone makes this song genius.
Your voice has changed dramatically since you were with No Doubt, to me sounds like you try to hard to sing now. Go back to the No Doubt voice!
To bad the electric chair wasn't real.
We won't never forget you and your legend.
Sugg Life Phone Case at 1:55 hahaha
RIP Grant Hart :(
https://youtu.be/TEMjMTP7dX8
*SCREEEEEEEEEECHING THIS IS BEAUTIFUL*
Great performance in Luxembourg. Hope you'll come back :) and this song is dope :)
I'm not into Mlp, but, after watching this, i'll give the show a try
Woah !!
This one is a hit so Fergie push this one
Google search: WUMO SEO. They are the perfect Search engine optimization firm and ranked my site within just Sixty days. They offer you 100% refund guarantee. I support them.
()
GREETINGS FROM TURKEY 
Post the PARTYNEXTDOOR interview
=  =
come to Brazil porra 
Pride of West Virginia!!!!!
old maroon 5 is dead
Stone Panther and Steel Sour!
noice
Love you niall horan
Damn Nicholas outfits. I want!
I miss youu Niall! 
Sexy gwen !!! :)
Chads House
esto es cantar lana de la mierda
Is it me or Taylor gained a little weight? She looks  prettier than ever because of that, for me in my perspective.
Thank you for this song
Love this song makes me miss my ex even more  Mario 
Tanra
50 on trending
NIALL FUCKN CUTIE PIEEE
Sofia is starting to look like Camila  Im prying so much
 .  .    !!!
This video is 4:20
I was so sad when I found out that he diedR.I.P Chester 
Anitta is on top of spotify and iTunes now in the Brazil,Portugal,USA,Italy!!!
Still the best ~~
Hey I love this song
Loving the vocals.
YEPPP KOSOVAGAMINGTV GO ALL LIKEE GO GO GO
I dont get these comments like who's here before 1 million?...like whos here before 2020? And whos here before his/her own death? Whos here before whatever
IT FUCKING NEEDS TO BE IN NEED FOR SPEED UNDERGROUND 3!!!
GET FREE
yesssss bae
Holy shit is it really possible for you to keep getting better and better? I'm hooked P!nk, you're like a drug! Thank you 
cada msica parece que voz dela s fica melhor
Yesssssss
https://soundcloud.com/d-t-30434/peace-of-mind
I was not expecting that ending lol
this voice is an open heart
Wonderful verse, weak chorus and OK bridge.  6/10   I'd rather listen to the Green demo than this unfortunately.
Im sorry but Sadie does not belong in rap music video. I cant say she was terrible but it is not her fit at all
I love you
Damn , he nailed it btw i love it <3
!! .
Alguien dame las letras 
this band never fails to make me feel whole again
oh julien..
Good thought provoking video and lyrcis, only the song is not enjoyable at all, just to plain and faint
I have this song on repeat since I heard it!!!!!! Love your work R3hab!!
Please do one with NEED YOU TONIGHT
AH this video and song just made me feel as ease! \nAlso the girls kissing towards the end! YES! LoveIsLove
basically ''i dont want to live on this planet anymore'' music video
Use more vocal melodies and songs Rivers wrote from the 90s and we'll talk.
Holy shitt man, this is amaizing!!!!!!
jacob BABY take me BACK PLZZZZZZZ \n\nI LOVE YOU   I MISS YOUR FACE PLZZZZ
Beautiful!
so perfect.
This song is absolutely perfect and i cannot stop listening to it
you guys  r good,,but sorry I just like bruno mars version
Very good song and stage atmosphere is very good
Better than despacito
GOD is still in control. Trust and obey.
The ending gets me every fucking time and A true puerto rican will understand why

I love this song!!!! Blake what are you waiting on? Go ahead and pop the question!!!!
Nice one!  \nSpecialy when this began: I still believe your beautiful lies
Who else before dat million tho
Who noticed jasmine in 2:20??
*tone of the chain* where did my wig goooooooooooo??
#FuerzaMexico
THIS IS SO POETIC AND BEAUTIFUL AND I CAN FEEL THE MEANING AND I JUST\nCAN I CRY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ZHANG YI XING
Esta bien sabroso esta cancin como siempre Carlos vives sacndola del estadio
hiss-man 
I wanna here KEVIN SING MORE HIS VOICE IS AMAZING 
It's been just 1 hour since I heard it and I already know almost all!
When will this app available in Malaysia?
Why is I. at the beginning of the video? Does it mean something.
This song touched me deep
@eloisa290 i love your art in this video!
Aww Selena signed her name on her shirt
wow that  is good song
Love this! LACE UP
this is perfect. PRAYING for PUERTO RICO
Rest in piece legend  we miss you Chester
It's almost like he'd dedicated his life to the Banjo, and yet he has accomplished so much more than that.\n\nAwesome stuff.

Honestly think this is a good mix between what Danny wanted to do and the rest of the members of Asking alexandria, it seem that they have come to a new sound which is really good.
i'm from indonesia i love alan walker
Damn he lost a lot of weight!!! Looks completely different. Looks like a hot boy band guy
Um...Kanye never left
Who's here before 1 Million? \n\n\nI sure am.
So cool.  I have no words. Just : WOW <3
TRADUCCIN DE ESTA CANCIN EN MI CANAL: https://youtu.be/dVMjGddDlvs
Terrible.
I wish one day I'm able to learn how to write music like you. Everything you touch is beautiful. Thank you
How many classics is he going to release??? So good!
worth the wait...this is amazing... the muffled distorted guitar is stellar...and the production  is great...Avril sounds better than ever...
Please watch my two recent cover videos it would mean a lot!
The photoshop is amazing
Modern music :D
How much songs are on the album?
NEW MUSIC FROM MAGGIE OH MY GOSHHHHHHH
I.  Grew.  Up.  Listening to.  Tom. Petty 
De nuevo hit!  esta cancin esta en mi cabeza y la cant una y otra vez.
Beautiful wow
PSST, From Colorado Springs, just a fun fact where this took place.
HOWWWWWWW

fear of God ZIAM
THIS ALBUM IS GOING TO BE LITTTT
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Q BONiiTA BANDERA!  Yo te Quiero PUERTO RiiCO!  **PECHO INFLA! BORiiCUA Aunque NACiiERA En LA LUNA! YO SOY BORiiCUA PA' QUE TU LO SEPAS! 10035 HERMOSA ISLA DEL ENCANTO**
Like this song better than the one I heard last week from him
No se porque slo con leer el ttulo de la cancin supe que sera mala (o al menos no de mi agrado) y fue exactamente as :/
Lovatics
Marilyn Rowsell is that you??
He Looks so good in this video 
A E S T H E T I C
damn this is beautiful. rip chester
Love this song! Very deep!
am not feeling it sounds lame and annoying 
Hey! Theres Eminems progeny
He is a bit  at first, but at the end \nNot the right song for him
When It To U,\nDon't Be Blind!
Who should've been president : Lin Manuel Miranda
100 likes and I'll upload my reaction to this song.. PROMISE
My hubby
Tfw coming off heroin, but your band has a gig.
Im loving this song so hard!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DI86C-ricw
i'm in love with this song
Wow..it's fucking amazing! \nGreece 
Personal personally shippp
but we are perfect.??
*sees*\n\n\nSCREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I dont think the lenght of the video is mere coincidence :P

:(\n<3
More and more bullshit. Just retired already Weezer, you haven't had a decent album in 11 years!
Please sub to me and like this comment.
I'm getting Halloween vibes from the beat of this song and I love it
this is so beautiful
you are so funy is okey.I only laf,en you are good singer end band.
Who else saw the words Selena and Gigi on her tshirt- and Ed Sheeran (credits to donna easty)
*Never foget your dream even if hard time*
Kid rock always comes through this song is beautiful cannot wait til the album drops i love this guy he is a brother
beautiful music video
Oooooomg! Perfectttttt TE AMOOOOOO
https://www.instagram.com/p/BZp7q78Duk4/
If anyone still wants to the see the original video that youtube took down, it's in 'The Visual Experience.' But You Already Know isn't there for some odd reason.
I was there !!!! You are beautiful
Cad os br
Love this song! Very deep!
Omggggg!!! I need thissss
the instrumental lowkey sounds like it's from minecraft
I love this song!!!!\n\n\nWho else?
Love Chris Young holy hell in an egg yolk that I pissed out onto the floor now I have hiccups from eating cucumber sauce with my lamb and potatoes HOLY BUTT FUCK
No entend :'v\nEs normal o soy retrasadita?
my sex is poor
His laugh is freaking contagious
Good pop
How can I download this? It says that the album isn't available on google play
Now it she lit
he's absolutely incredible
A song with \n\n\n\n\n*T I T S*
_this is the true definition of a blessing_
Whos here from Reddit?
Fergie is back!
HEY YA! 
Thundercat my new fav artist he dont disappoint
Joseph Kahn. Isn't he the guy who does TSwifts videos?
Welcome Back!! 
lol at their use of the word 'kidnapping' in a neutral manner. lol
Arraso ! Ela vai doar tudo para ajudar as pessoas afetadas pelo tornado  E alguns brasileiros preocupados com a Anita aff nada a ver.
i love you grace vanderwaal
Slappin
Awesome......
BITCH YASSSSSS
Sounds like 'Apollo' by Hardwell???
dios no puedo creerlo, esto es increble 
Fuck you guys for pouring your OJ before you even PUT THE EGGS ON THE FUCKING PAN! Who raised you?
If you are reading this in 2069. I feel happiness when a set of intentional actions towards producing beauty outcomes in harmony and I bet millions of people feel the same nowadays... never mind the one who loves, expect, and helps to bring about chaos and disorder. They might have perverted your feeling about the truth. The psychological structure of happiness has just been posted on Youtube on 3 of October 2017. We are not here anymore and your books at school might show only the bad sides of human beings in other to replace us with robots, machines and A.I but we still can be connected if your heart warms up watching this video. That means the portion of your human nature was not completely overthrown.. LOVE is the answer!
She's such an adorable girl and a talented singer. I hope she is still successful in years to come
soy gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
confused the video was everywhere no clear storyline
Oh Hallelujah means ; pray jah  \nIts the name from the real god jehova\nThx , hope kuba gets help too. All over the world weather ist getting worse ....Asien, Hongkong,Italy ect.\nThe goverments worldwide and  people must  change their life style.\nWe have only this world !!!!
great work, really amusing, now i got hopes for music in the future
the song sucks
Muy chevere Jay Z !!!!!
this shit is terrible
Jared Leto was a good Joker, but he had less screentime
Wow love the video but most of all love this song
I really admire you James but seriously it's such a negative video. I wish I would be experiencing some good vibes after watching it but it ain't.
Oh god guys we love you!!!
Who thinks this sounds like 'No Music' at the beginning?
@2:56 where do we buy?
Kid rock always comes through this song is beautiful cannot wait til the album drops i love this guy he is a brother
KOOOOOOOOOOOKIE!!!!!
I received the love from
Joey Barton.\nThe thinking man's twat.
I thought sam smith killed himself?
Campbell looks UTTERLY loaded or stoned.
Please be this playing everywhere now instead of Shape of You 
Its sad because those cars are better than the music, i didnt see the title just saw the cars
I did something similar in a Taco Bell but they told me to get out
i cant pretend to love... i always let them kiss my tattoos.. \nthere's something beautiful in the night that makes the ink darker than our souls...
I Can't stop listening
alguien latino?
different vibe everytime you play it .
You song veryyy niceee and love 
I had my worries about Dani coming back but if he able to admit what he did wrong in a song he will slowly get my resptic back
Heart of gold love his words in a song...he is truth and country music
Danielle Bradbery has one of the only albums I'm checking for this year Sway And Hello Summer has me so ready for I don't believe we met

I am never gonna let you close to me, even though you mean the most to me!
WHAT AN AWESOME FUCKING VIDEO OMFG
here before 1 million
gordon hayward broke his leg career over!!!!!https://youtu.be/ripeZdOBxtY
U were my first english song singer love u wherever you are we all will alwayz miss u but we will find u alwayz in our heart ..alwayz LP
Que vdeo clip incrvel!\nJ pode ser um clip do ano\nCongratulations Duchess
James Blunt, One of the most underrated singers of this time and 'Don't Give Me those Eyes' is probably one of the best songs of 2017
Finally! You're back. <3
This is magic.
Muito Lindaa
awh
Cx
Is this song about fucker ?
Beautiful, radiant, talented, legendary QUEEN.
FUCKIN PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!! 
Great singer and beat boxer multi talented dude right there
Awesomeeeeeee
Holy hell thats what im galking about
WNDR #NewSound ~ Beck - Colors\nhttps://www.facebook.com/WonderMusicTV/posts/885781214929231
Fonsi!
Yes queen yaaaas
That voice!\nawesome!
Aha Gazelle would've killed this beat.
People help me, my last video is almost 70 views, help me get the 70 views, help me please
magnifique so chill
Just need spiked tea and women to grab by the pussy! Anit nothing like a Tennessee mountain top!
This new track sounds more like an oldie. Sounds more like the 60s. The previously songs on the Stay Gold record sounds more fresh and lighter. But I like the song, its pretty. 
encore  is  in  heaven;  with  Wilbury mates Roy & George...Life  so  well  lived !   Thanks for the soundtrack of my life T.P.
yeeee I love their all songs and this is one is the best song ever c'z it makes me feel confident 
Star Wars has just gotten CUTER!\n\nR2D2, BB8....PORGS!
(blah blah)? :D
Went to school and then had a football game after. Got home and checked YouTube and this awaited me. Praise
i demand a collab with helen marnie of ladytron please
100% AWESOMENESS!!!
Beautiful
One Russian famous band already did it in 2001, guys >< https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JkjupxFCe4
man KB new album got me so hyped
I shed a few tears just watching this. so beautiful.
4.07 minutes of happiness
Loveitloveitloveitlove\nItloveitloveitloveittttt
god is real and hes blessed me yall im sobbing this is so good
I Will Design A Professional Business Card For You\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-a-professional-business-card-for-you?funnel=7ef7deb1-a701-49ce-a643-82940811a32f\n\n\n\nI Will Photo Editing,Remove Background,Photo Retouch,Any Photoshop\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/photo-editing-remove-background-photo-retouch-any-photoshop-1bb48247-6d2f-4905-b99c-6dfebd7673e8?funnel=7ef7deb1-a701-49ce-a643-82940811a32f\n\n\nI Will Design PROFESSIONAL Roll Up Banner\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-professional-roll-up-banner?funnel=7ef7deb1-a701-49ce-a643-82940811a32f\n\n\nI Will Design Professional Brochure, Brochure Design\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-professional-brochure-brochure-design?funnel=7ef7deb1-a701-49ce-a643-82940811a32f\n\n\n\nI Will Remove Background Of 2050 Images\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/remove-background-of-2050-images?funnel=7ef7deb1-a701-49ce-a643-82940811a32f\n\n\n\nI Will Design Amazing PSD Web Template\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-amazing-psd-web-template?funnel=5f93b772-613b-44f7-819c-3418205db33e\n\n\n\nI Will Create A Awesome Unique Logo Design\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/create-a-awesome-unique-logo-design?funnel=5f93b772-613b-44f7-819c-3418205db33e\n\n\n\nI Will Design Business Card And Logo\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-business-card-and-logo?funnel=5f93b772-613b-44f7-819c-3418205db33e\n\n\nI Will Design Awesome Banner, Header, Social Media Cover And Roll Up Banner\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/design-awesome-banner-header-social-media-cover-and-roll-up-banner?funnel=3ce582cb-d0d5-4750-b698-74368003460f\n\n\nI will do business card business card design \nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/do-business-card-business-card-design\n\n\nI Will Do Amazing Banner Design\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/do-amazing-banner-design?funnel=09e46e82-4e0c-45ba-b120-9ea6e2779b52\n\n\n\nI Will Do Product Background Remove Job\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/do-product-background-remove-job?funnel=09e46e82-4e0c-45ba-b120-9ea6e2779b52\n\n\nI Will Create HTML Email Signature\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/create-html-email-signature?funnel=09e46e82-4e0c-45ba-b120-9ea6e2779b52\n\n\n\nI Will Do Business Card Design\nhttps://www.fiverr.com/prodip001/do-business-card-design?funnel=09e46e82-4e0c-45ba-b120-9ea6e2779b52
SHOOK JUST SHOOK
Blake listens to Muscle Russell The Moonshine Line on You Tube.
I'm ready for it!
Yesssssss

Im pretty sure this is all about josh duhamel  that cheater 
Danielle Bradbery just yesterday got her FIRST GOLD Record ....for...The Heart Of Dixie...many more are coming..I predict
This song is so deep
Awesome song man, good job. Keep up the hard work
The light you have put in our heart will never go out.#FAVOURITE BAND.REST IN PEACE
Love this song \nChris is amazing!!!!!
what ?????? \nDodie you is 100/10
Oh my eyes 
No money
Thank You Tom...SOOOOOO many Great memories over the last 38 years.... and you never did back down.
Luke Hemmings spitting bars.
The lyrics of the year nipples are hard
This album makes me feel alive.
You can do great things if you apply yourself. I can tell.
YESYESYES
No fucking way. Two of my favorite artists are singing together. I love this.
That video is a pure art I love it 
the bes music x
Seeing this on the trending page is making me so happy! An artist like Julien deserves unfathomable recognition! Much love Julien!
 Alex wonderful song
Hovito 

Thank you Jamie for all the music you make it honestly makes my day 100x better! I love you Jamie, Romy, And Oliver you guys are the best!
Who else is gonna get this song cause its lit 
I am so glade she is back   she sounds different
KIRSTIE IS SO BEAUTIFUL!!!
I clicked on this video because I thought it was about kidnapping. I am slightly disappointed.
Still waiting for Adele to perform Freedom '90 someday!
Amen
Ilove You Babi 
Competing with THE Neil Cicierega to songify this one... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn7TcsT91C8\n\nYou're brave souls schmoyoho. Brave souls indeed.
Here before it blows up. I can actually Karaoke Chris Young
Beautiful
yyaaaaas jamie
I loved this video.
Like Disney music?
YESSSSSS
Blooper!? Top view elevator looks alot smaller!
Love this!
when did Pentatonix become a genre?
Fota!
I knew my name had some kind of meaning-R.I.P.
James is probably blind too.
Thank You, Capital Kings and everyone involved with this Video.\nThank you for sharing your own struggle with us, to inspire us to be conquerers! It takes a brave set of people to be so honest about what Has you in chains and who will set you free. \nI pray the LORD be with you, Amen!!!
i'm just addicted to her voice 
I don't know what this song is saying but I have been praying to GOD for the human beings in Puerto Rico that are not getting the help from USA. My heart truly HURTS for them. 
Latina
What a fckn bop! Here b4 they blow up cause they will
tuuune
I'm a 12year white guy I should get out
ke linda voz 
So much fun! I wish I was in this video.
WOW what a beautiful song <3
reminds me of the jonas brothers south park episode
I love you Nicki 
This is absolutely perfect! <3
2 down\n1 to go
How the fuck are you going to disrespect Travis Scott like that. You are saying GOD ft. Travis Scott like he is a no name lol, this song is lit af, but don't bring your kpop here pls
IS THIS AN ALBUM
LA AMEEEEEE VALIO LA PENA LA ESPERA

Sounds like Bauhaus molesting The Cure while Joy Division jerks off
Omg amazingg!!
only 1 million????
Lo amo
Igen!!!
Is this Snapchat?
Maravilhosa 
FINALLY A HAPPY EVER AFTER... NICE...
why was she fideling  with her shoulders tho? I didn't get the refrence. Can someone explain it to me?
Kid Rock PLEASE keep it going you have a platform to speak for a lot of us who don't.
Keep it up  r3hab
This is such a beautiful song, and I love the video. I really think Julien's going to hit it big with this new album.
 !!!  !))
for some reason it reminds me of Amerie 1 thing.
why tf is this video not available in germany?!
Very good
I like the lyric videos that have little animations in them , they're great
2 dAYS AGO
1:22 her hands were literally shaking 
Lyrics from Warm It Up Kane, Set It Off, and beat by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock - It Takes Two
She is like all business at all times
encore .... encore  ... encore Dave ne t'arrte pas, jamais de nous emmener dans ton monde, de faire passer des motions dans ta voix.
Visuals
BOP
New sony ad?
Chris Young as been my favorite artist since he came out. He keeps getting better with time. Love the video! Btw  is is just me but does he get more good looking? 
WTF ITS SO GOOD
nice puffy nips 1:23
Love this. Love you punks. So so proud 
Love  Adam awesome combination of greatness
That cover art!!!
Wow nice music for God I like Jeremy camp your music 
I died here. Omg. This os fucking amazing.  Congrats Cari
so so so so perfect
Divine!!! 
1:20 when her necklace caught the light i thought, oh a badge; she must be a honey trap and this perv is going to jail
Free fall my man

26:29
Made a lyric video for this amazing song https://youtu.be/xudk0VgQGEE if you wanna check it out :)
*WE NEED LIAM PAYNE FT.MAROON 5 AND ZAYN!!!!*
Hot 97 is garbage and I'm only here for 50.
<3
We missed you....
Bart baker made look what you made me do better lol
SUPER!!!
Swish bish bish
50 Cent is a legend. Anybody who disagree's does not know hip-hop culture.
Omggggg you guys are sooo good
THANK YOU FOR SAVING 2017
You're great and deserve the best!!
Yaaasssss love this
Watching Movie? Listening to Music, beside Youtube, you can enjoy one month free trial in Amazon Prime Package by clicking this link >>>>> http://amzn.to/2juv7qB
does she try to be madonna?
I'M IN LOVE!!!!!!! I'M CRYING!!!!!! I NEED THE ALBUM NOW!!!!!!!
I don't know where that came from, I have no experience with home invasion. Lollll
is this twin peaks lol
My favorite song on the album 
I love the song but the poker part I was confused 6 aces but still love it
Je souris grce  lui. Il est un ange qui est sur terre sous la forme d'un tre humain.Quand il chante il me prend la main et me dit que tout ira bien.Merci Mr Porter,mille merci!
Oh my..
Damn he lost weight
I love this
I love that song.  I'm bad at love ,  mostly, I can also be good. Love is a big thing ,  can be tricky.
So real the song hurts more than the relationship.
As much as I love Bon Iver, this video is pretty weird ... he hardly gives her any eye contact, which I think would have made it alot more special.
Im so happy now 
.!!
what a great song!!
Why do i feel like this song's gonna be in the shape of water..
hun come to the philippines
COME TO CHILE PLEASE!!!
i will hurt for you
MERRY CHRISTMAS IF YOU'RE HERE IN DECEMBER
1:00 is by far my favourite part. Love how it continues the 'eeeeeaams' omg it's amazing
LOL SHE BEAT LOGAN AND JAKE PAUL
Lots of love from India, Charlie!
Lovely song
Dank.\n\nIt feels like a lightning bolt struck the tip of my penis.
Bruno Mars - One of the best concerts Ive ever been too. Love U Baby Boy!
holy crap she looks like the waitress from always sunny lmfao
Discovered this band with meaningful songs TODAY and I immediately started wishing them to come to Argentina omg 
Buray da fethedicez 
Xxxxx
I'm sorry, the old Aly and AJ can't come to the phone right now. Why? Oh, because they're (un)dead!
THIS IS SO GOOD OMG
I love her thoughts so much, she inspires me a lot
BRASIL 
Is it just me or ecuadorians dont get recognized at all
2:49
I can listen to you all day Tamar.
Chris Young is one of those Artists, that when they come out with a new song i already know im gonna love it
I loooove this song
Beck! cool!
Make Euro tour! Please!
Vives..Genial
me encanta esta cancion cnco
Is that actually singing? My ears are bleeding, its worst than that heavy metal where screaming people, but at least those don't use such a high pitch to fuck my ear drums
am i the only one that finds this fucking terrifying
Hn u os uos s ol 
Damn few of the good ones left anymore. You belong among the wildflowers Tom.
I love how Peters is a general red button, and the tense one songs guy has an easy button.
2:41 MAGGIE BLOW ALL THE CANDLES WOULD YA Lol
Yass oh my gosh my Mann I love this so much it's so amazing and soo wonderfully talented!!
kind of a chanel advert from terry gilliams brazil
Yassss!
I dislocated my shoulder dancing to this..... Help
I got I got\nI got I got\n\nInternship on internship \nInside my resume\n\nIn that visual\nCommunications\nI got BFA\n\nEvery time I get\nBehind computer \nI make a souffl\n\nI can fix your\nHomie website\n\nI can even \nIllustrate\n\nWasn't born \nWith this\n\nI've grown \nWith this\n\nThroughout my\nEducation\n\nI perform \nWith this\n\nOn daily basis\nI be detonating\n\nFor my job\nAt casino\n\nGreat bambino\nWith a mouse\n\nStill live at \nMy mama house\n\nBut I'm cool\nWith moving out\n\nTo the big apple \nWorking for you\n\nYea I'm cool \nWith that\n\nI already got\nA mac \n\nMight as well \nBe there on the \nMap\n\nYou should\nHire me not\nSimply because\n\nI emailed \nAn inquiry \n\nBut cause it\nAin't a secret \n\nYou won't find\nThis in a diary \n\nThat I'm a hard\nWorker and you\nCan criticize\n\nAnd I won't \nTake it personal\n\nI know there's\nRoom to rise\n\nI hope this \nEmphasized \n\nThat for the\nJob I'm fit\n\nAnd if you're \nPennywise\n\nThen you'll \nRealize I'm\nReally it\n\nIt's legit\nNever Quit \n\nI'm a different \nApplicant\n\nI'm a real\nCounterpuncher\n\nI'm not a\nCounterfeit\n\nYes I'm cruising \nFor a bruising\n\nI know winning \nComes with\nLosing\n\nBut enough of\nMy lips moving\n\nHire me Let's \nGet to proving\n\n-Gone-
Ok but who is Susan?
Rest in peace , we lost a treasure and true great. We love you tom you will live on forever in the music
Im so proud of daina! Girl power fr
Pretentious boring drivel from a miserable fool.
Your music is fantastic 
I love the sushi pillow :D
Song so, COOOOOL!!\nBlood from him...?
This is fucking beautiful and I love stargazing too *Sigh* 
123k likes and 1k dislike\nthis music is very good..
That is lit!! I love the direction KB is going with his music. His new Rap style is awesome!
Another stellar example of melodic, immersive magic. There's not one Echosmith song I don't love.
YESSSSSS SARAH! Love this ;-;
Want absolute confidence you will go to heaven when your body dies? Put your trust in the Lord. It's true, Jesus loves you and died for your sins.
Bono sounds more like a girl with every new song. Weird.
Newest JessieJ song!
I love it, I love it, I love it!! Jesus, come like a storm! We need you!
YESS SLAY HUNTER, KILLIN IT \n\nproud of u x100000
I LOVE THEM SM
Um... Ok!
       ....
Loveee me some teyana .
who likes this should listen to some LITTLE DRAGONS too :)

This folk duo is one of those few reasons to love Swedish. Love from Finland, always your best enemy. LOL
Too bad Beck has continued his decent into children's music. His next song will feature Elmo, Barney, and the Teletubies.

This entire song is an experience and i can not Wait for the video
Gigi is a lucky beautiful gal this boy is cute 
Easy peasy! Got 'em all right :)
yeye work hard...\nBojack... mah boi you watchin some fun stuffz
Awesome video
Love this song so much!BTS fighting!
When you hear this song, when you hear the instrumentation, the feeling, Dave's voice, and when you see the Visuals that Anton Corbijn creates for them.. the genius, dark, black and white, close ups, transporting videos... when you put all that together, you get exactly what you are both listening and watching, you get why DM is the best band in the whole world!!
OH MY GOD, I JUST CAN'T.. SO BEAUTIFUL, SAW THIS AND IMMEDIATELY CLIKED!!! PLEASE, REPLY TO THIS COMMENT LMAO
3:21 till the end
THIS IS MARY JANE SHOES PART. II  LOVE U FERGGG 

My goodness, last time I heard this song was ten years ago, when I was in grade one! \nGreat cover!
Fire  but why he tryna sound like lil uzi? 
Bro I love this song
Your voice is so sweet
he has   a voice from heaven , it makes my soul shiver in rapture to hear such great vocals <3 the song is just pretty amazing , he is amazing , the band is amazing <3 keep going  <3  i love it!
is weezer going to hit the trifecta of 3 good albums in a row...\nman i dunno if i'm ready for this
Why does the drop feel like somebodys drowning?
one day, pretty soon I hope I make a song with him!! I love him so much!! 
i liked it BEFORE i heard it ...
What a lovely voice, can't get enough of this song :-)
Write of me video is the Mother of Deliver video,baby deliver was delivered by Write on Me and so it was named : Deliver 
Ahhhh...yes.... bliss. We love RADIOHEAD. Thank you boys.

1:25 that's my facial expression while watching this video
esta cancion es puro B m
had no idea chance had a brother whos also a rapper lol
HA R KA
Sounds terrible tbh. But it's 1 bad song out of three so far
underrated af
I feel like i'm on the way to become Fanderwaal, i love her   can't wait to the album \nSorry for english
THAT FUCKING SMIRK SHE DOES AT 2:57, MY ASS HAS PLUMMETED
Amazing
Love it 
Lyrics\n\nShots rang out, but there's no gun\nStill you hurt on everyone\nIn the dips of you, the sparks are good\nBut you're not even trying (trying)\nYou feel the knife in your gut\nBut you're so scared of what you want\nYou bite you lip, and hold your tongue\nWhat are you hiding?\nWhat are you hiding?\n\nWe got tired of your charms\nAnd tired of your false alarms\nYou're just a book that never turns its page\n\nYou can stand on the edge shouting out that you're ready to change (ready to change)\nYou can say what you want\nYou won't jump, you're not ready to change\n\nHappy times, there's been a few\nA different me, a different you\nNow you sell your soul for something new\nBut nobody's buying (buying)\n\n'Cause we got tired of your charms\nAnd tired of your false alarms\nYou're just a book that never turns its page\n\nYou can stand on the edge shouting out that you're ready to change (ready to change)\nYou can say what you want\nYou won't jump, you're not ready to change\n\nYou can stand on the edge shouting out that you're ready to change (ready to change)\nYou can say what you want\nYou won't jump, you're not ready to change\nReady to change\nYou can stand on the edge shouting out that you're ready to change (ready to change)\nYou can say what you want\nYou won't jump, you're not ready to change
Ninja Onions AF
Just realized those are her hands not her arms
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G
who's before 10 million!!??
UOW! AMAZING!
Mama
       ....
Why the fuck does he look like david franco on bath salts???
Your voice is amazing!!
where is josue yrion?
You guys are always so amazing.
Don't any of you so called Borns fans know that he also released a leaked studio version of Broke back in July because it only has 418 views as of today
This reminds me of some tim and eric sketch
BEAUTIFUL LOVE IT 
Love it
well shes hot
at the very end, meeting David Byrne did not help out
how cute!
E S T E F A N I
as quiero una fiesta de cumpleaos.
Omg! Sabrina Beauty ful
I am way to happy seeing this lol.
Glad it had subtitles. Would never been able to follow the song's complicated message...
here b4 10k shits fire
The song, and the video...AMAZING! Well done!!
When shrek is away and princess Fiona can be herself
Kane, you be killin the game with mad vibes 
GALLL
Lyrics in the description - (blah blah)
On the tube right now, baked from my morning spliff and then this plays. Waaaaavveeeyyyyyyyy bruuhh  LOL
Amazing cover
Bowie would be proud. Love the lightening in the video too. Well done!
Brings me back
She as a awesome voice
yaaasssssss real shit
See the future of this track in 2018 with 14 million views.\nMy position 585 669
I love this song
christ
I LOVE THIS SONG ALREADY
Live in official video please
She looks like Kylie here 
i really miss your songs ;-;\nplease, keep making your art S2
Anyone who speaks english here
2030?
Smooth fm brought me here. Good music!!!! This reminds me of FUN....
Would this song exist if he lived on the first floor?
Waiting forma a weekend acoustic please
Thinking this band can't possibly get more awesome with each new song... But I keep getting ahead of myself. This band is truly amazing to listen to
Nicki is making everything better nowadays. She is like a secret ingredient that every artist uses.
Nos quejamos durante aos porque este proyecto no avanzaba, y una vez que se vuelve real, empiezan a criticar todo. Encima es solo un detrs de escena, ni siquiera se sabe si es una toma que va a quedar. Sean ms contemplativos, queridos.
if there arent Pokemon in heaven then whats the point of going
DAMNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN I'M SHOOK ELI, LOVE U.
People only want 50 cent in there show to take shot at jay-z and puff because those 2 niggas is the only niggas on 50 mind
less views as compared to song
Love this.
skinny sam smith looks so weird haha
   18+       http://tinyurl.com/ybl29nyc
chorus is annoying, BUT DEAR GOD THAT SECOND HALF IS AMAZING! seriously that should have been the whole song. felt like modern day pink floyd
New favorite!
Who is here before 100k views
I love you Kelly.
Que bella cancin y que voces ,mi seor perdnanos por todo lo malo que hacemos los seres humanos ,Te amo mi seor 
Make money with your video/audio http://mmerosq.com/create.aspx Earn when people watch/listen to your video/audio. Fast approval -continuous earning...
Cant stop listening
Omg ! Brad and Maggie 
Beautiful song and Niall is so talented... I love him
Argentina Love R5
Hella vibe
Love from INDIA 
mv
Linda 
ASDFJKL; THE GUY FROM RAINING
I really love how there's always a concept behind every album period. Especially love this one 
R.I.P. Grant's best  song. And boy am I feeling sorry today....
also must say that your peachy-tinted makeup in combination with the white dress&sheet and your dark hair is soooo visually pleasing oml
I feel cucked, I was expecting a heavy breakdown/drop or something.
Wait, so this is the second official video for this song? Damn he must love this song so much :/
Anyone gonna ask about the animals/flowers are singing?
Rid of the flamingos u deviants
Here before 20m views.
I love this song!!! With KB :OOO It's awesome
I just notice about his brown sweater. Does it explain about his sick or something else ?

Achem o peito gente
For once I appreciate to be a curly haired mammal because of the majestic hair of Paul 
This be the kinda beat and voice that just puts you in the mood.... Am in love ^_^
Blondey McCoy makes an appearance, that's awesome!
YESSSS BABY IM SO PROUD WHAT A BEAUTIFUL SONGGGG
I've been listening to you guys from the beginning and knew you'd blow up one day!!!! I love and adore your music! It's gotten me through dark times and made the bright times seem infinite! THANK YOU AND NEVER STOP, PLEEEASE!!!!
1:36 Kurt Cobain?
ahhhh deusaaaa
Been waiting on this video 
LEGO Look what you made me do. PLEASE WATCH.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVjxMrISrJk
Me encanta tu msica te quiero ir a ver 
Queen Dej 
like
no lo van a creer bruno mars me imvito a acer un dueto en musical.ly
I forgot how deep your voice was for a second so I almost passed out.
HELL NEVER LEAVE YOU NOR FORSAKE YOU HELL FOLLOW YOU TO THE END OF THE EARTH! HALLELUJAH
Like si vienes de parte de coreano loco 
The piano and sound quality is so good I like it so much
okay, now its time for her try at the 5th Element Opera Song.
I love this song
Enjoyed the interview with you my guy!! This still has my audience talking. Now u flipped it up!?? NICEEEE.  LOVE this remix with Sadie.
WAIT I THOUGHT MY BOI ZAUNTEE WAS BOUT TO JUMP ON THE TRACK
The chorus tune is copied from If I die Young by the band perry and also Eminem
This Song describes my situation so good....
She sings very wispy, annunciate
I want to love them again soo much. But they seem so commercial.. almost corny.
does this mean theres a music video for this
Grace i want to be your fren!!!
Give it up your to old time to let go,   eg,booze hag ur ice addiction took it's toll so fuck off junkie
Love this performance! Tori's raspiness was everything. She killed this performance so did Luis Fonsi! They were both excellent!
Se agradece a todos los artistas, como fan de Camila Cabello estoy especialmente orgullosa 
Baby 
I Love Sia
First
Awww ilysfm ur amazing!!!
You guys are always so amazing.
Its not very hard.. i thought it would be
Simplesmente maravilhosa... Obrigado por existir Bonnie, I love you so much Queen
Might just David your GoliathBars!!
Best video ever
so awesome
What a vapid narcissistic bitch. What happened?
Wack
The best music in the best group in the world. Can`t wait for the album and for your Spain concert. FOREVER MAROON 5!!!!!!
CADE OS BR?
I get fucked up when i hear this song
She's looking like Kylie Jenner ugh
Crying so hard
Lorde is my inspiration behind my poetry. Her lyrics are just so stunning!
i can feel the pain in his voice. Niall is so talented and amazing!!!!!!!!
It have two different ringtone .. is awesome machine gun kelly!
Before i watch this video,it was 9million views.but now it's 10million views
What a voice 
Amazing!
I love radiohead.
Music match made in heaven
Love it!!
I was so surprised by her singing. It's so different than wrecking ball
Not my favorite
me
GOOD!......FIVE STARS!.......
Incredible
Who would dislike this???
Im not feeling this ... yet. But then again it took a few spins for me to warm up to then obsess over Cough It Out.
Speed Up to 1.25 to pop version
Best Hey Ya! cover to date
Is Morrissey dare I say, dare I even suggest, /ourguy/?
my bbs
love it, but kept waiting for the plane to get off the ground...never really did!
TE AMOOOOO <3
OH MY GOD IM SO EXCITEDD!! Been a fan of her since middleschool and now im a senior.
Wow!
Here before 1 million 
I wish I could like this a second time 
Whatever it takes I'll never stop listening to your guys' music :)))).   \n\n\n\n\nApplause
You'll be number one on my wishlist.
why was the music video deleted??
Que mal solo una fecha para Madrid!!!muchos nos vamos a quedAr con las ganas
This is music my friends
Sounds like ferris beuler  
So are they 78violet or Aly and aj?
Omg the lyrics  touched me :(
why was the music video deleted??
Can I get likes for my birthday please?
Life is too short so don't waste your time by removing pen drive safely.....
Godness of music
wow amazing
Thank you, thank you, thank you! RIP. Well done.
Magnifique voix , Bon aprs j'ai russi  comprendre  Tu devrais parler aller merci 
U2 knows to create goosebumps to listeners and spectators but no wonder Worlds biggest band !!!
I wish that were me
Do you want to be rich within 48 Hours. Make 20,000USD everyday from our Blank ATM card. This is an opportunity  for you to become rich make free money from Blank Atm card. For more details do send us a text so that you can have details about this. \nContact us on Our Email:  Unlimitedatmcard@Gmail.com Phone Number +19712766670 We sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out from ATM. They works all over the world. \nOur You-tube Page is : https://youtu.be/Xkel8mTCrYI\nOur Website:  http://unlimitedatmcard.webs.com
jadore
Alec, I am truly shook! Well done lad! Another brilliant song, I've loved every one of your songs
thankyou youtube.
I can relate to this song and my life no where anyone wants to see me feels like no friends no body their to catch u if u fall but a block of cement
...wow
you should do the time warp
I love this so much
ok...ok. Fav music video ever.
New way of thinking  new system ..getting the kiddies ready for the new world order under the guise of peace and being one..
Love me some John legend  beautiful voice
It's not even Halloween?
This sends a shiver down my spine. Love it.
kanye always seems to impress me, because you go back to any other album from 07 you can clearly hear the age of it. graduation isn't that way. same for 808's.
Who's here before 1 million views?
demi does all her high notes SO effortlessly.
1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy \n2. The College Dropout \n3. Graduation \n4. Late Registration \n5. The Life of Pablo \n6. 808's & Heartbreak\n7.  Yeezus \n\nMy Personal Taste \n\n1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy \n2. Graduation\n3. The Life of Pablo\n4. Late Registration \n5. The College Dropout\n6. Yeezus \n7. 808's and Heartbreak
I want to impregnate her...badly.
Parece que dijera Dos mas dos son tres :v
Some into the wild soundtrack maybe, it would be amazing
I haven't been to church in years. I forgot how litty it was.
miss
Mayaguez yes otra vez
Aaaw look at alyssa supporting you! Love that 
Those nails though 
Does this bitch not know how to wear a jacket
Am i the only one who is here after 4M views
They may look old, but the realist hip hop never dies! Thank god for this!
I LOVE THIS!
What an absolute legend. He will never be forgotten. His talent was so damn amazing.\nNever forget <3
FLAWLESS! AMAZING!
What a lovely song. Perfect for those who have trust issues cause people nowadays seldom stays. Like you guys were talking since day one, and after all those sweet talks, everything will change.
This chick is talented ...
This is the only song I like off Pacific Daydream but still lower the Pop taste just a but please.
Who thought of Lil Wayne sky's the limit the first couple seconds..
Best song i think . R3hab 
gxmas 
He is nothing special, ruining the song!! George Michael was absolutely gorgeous and had better voice
The best young talent ever
So pleasant
Hermosa Pink como siempre! Saludos desde Colombia.
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends. \nRepent of your sins and put your faith in The Lord! \nHe LOVES you! He is not angry at you, so please do not listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus died so that you may live, so please be bold. \n\nHe is waiting on you to come to Him and call upon Him and truth. He will not drive you away, He promises to never do that to anyone who comes to Him. So please make this moment, if you haven't already, to call upon The Lord. He will forgive you. You will be saved! You will be delivered! \n\nTomorrow is not promised to us, and to die without Jesus is very dangerous. So please, call upon The Lord! \n\nShalom, friends!
DM...LA MEJOR BANDA DE TODOS LOS TIEMPOS!!! SON LO MS! ARGENTINA LOS ESPERA 
AN ITALIAN ARTICLE ABOUT OUR FABULOUS GEORGE!\nhttps://dangerofmusic.com/2017/09/26/freedom-90-ecco-il-backstage-del-video-di-george-michael-27-anni-dopo/\n\nGEORGE, WE WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER!

Okay, listen. Tamar has a god given gift. Her throat was BLESSED. Its disrespectful to not use that gift. How many people out there would kill to have the opportunity put out records and have their voice heard by the world? She cant take her blessings/opportunities for granted. If music is causing friction in your marriage, Vince needs to step down as your manager & just be a husband. Tamar could have herself another manager tomorrow if she made the call. I truly hope that she takes a year or two off & comes back with another album. Ive been a long time viewer of BFV and Tamar and Vince and weve seen how hard she had to fight just to get Love & War put out. Why give up & quit now? You got a lot of years left in you tamar. Dont do something youll regret.
A lot of defensiveness, hostility, and divisiveness against the church here. I don't get it.
Well send me to hell then cause I'm not giving up something that brought me happiness lol
doesn't this should like Justin Bieber song sorry at the beginning?? no okay 
Makes me ask so many questions about my past. Feels nice...
Yah ok just gonna have to listen to this until I die.
<3
Gozei com essas lives
Beautiful claw hammer style
Looks like a Saturday Night Live intro
SNATCHED MA WEAVE
So Vegas. Paddock was killed in his room before the shooting. This is all staged... They left 10 rifles ... Cause they want people to be afraid and give up their right to bear arms. This is the doing of the filthy rich people that made their money on poisoning and debt enslaving the population and that now fear a revolution
Literally on repeat!!!
This song brought tears to my eyes, a mixture of so many emotions. One on top of the other, like a hurricane of truths smashing the rocky parts of my soul, allowing it to break down back into the sea of tranquility. Thank you so much for sharing.
Since this is from a game, I thought it would be interesting to do another game request. Can you please do a medley (or single song) of music made by Supergiant Games? Their games include Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre. If you do a single song, I would REALLY like to hear Setting Sail, Coming Home from Bastion, We All Become from Transistor, or In Circles from Transistor.
sincerely, i cried watching this video. but then when he started dancing i thought there would be a sick twist where he danced and fell into the pool. \n\nso glad i was so wrong.
out is menoy
OUR QUEEN IS BACK
Fuck I Love Hayley Williams
the song is so nice, why does he have to sing about fake news? since when is he like that? i thought he was leftist :(
Underrated as fuck!
This is a shit song for weirdos Fuck your music Ha

Jessie J - Not My Ex
FINALLY a good song by Calvin Harris after Feels and My Way 
What song that you sing, it always beautiful,. 
wow i love this so much
Lol great song and great vid. Try spotting the puppeteer in various shots
I've been waiting for Fairytail of New York.
Chester has left this world but will remain in our hearts\nWolfo 2017
Is it just me or is this bad timing With the name of the song and what happened in Vegas....
#faceofdepression
Brilliant song by Morrissey, but I thought he was against music videos? Not that I didn't expect music videos, I just didn't expect ones so choreographed albeit he's sat in a char half the time..still.
OH MY GOD, I JUST CAN'T.. SO BEAUTIFUL, SAW THIS AND IMMEDIATELY CLIKED!!! PLEASE, REPLY TO THIS COMMENT LMAO
EEeeeeeeEEEEeeekkkkkkkkkKKK!!! This track got me so hype! Love the album, Lecrae brought it on this... He navigated and captured the culture and time period in a beautiful way. This track is my favorite and straight fiiiirrreeeee! Keep doing your thing Lecrae this album is an inspiration! #letmegeta2piece
WOW!!!!  the start had me hooked immediately
Lol Tamra looked like she was having a blast hitting Katy in the face with the ball 
THIS IS AMAZING
\n#moonwalkerforever
MV SOON? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
This is my first time listening to the song and I can already say its one of my new favorites!!! 

I love this songgg!!! I just posted a cover and it would mean so much to me if you all checked it out!!! <3 Thank you!
my favorite song
Here b4 1m views
Im crossing my fingers that they dont make porgs the new Jar Jar Binks.
OMGGGGGG
Good job
It's hard listening to Linkin Park. It's not the same . Every song has much more meaning than it did .
What a Mastepiece!!!!!!
Nah fam this song hit a little too close to home...
is fantastic
I would feel bare awkward watching a girl kiss my boyfriend whilst I film I wouldn't care if it was acting I'm putting that bitches head in thr floor.
MEMOIR OF THE FALLEN ONES - NOVEMBER 10th 
White people shit is so weird son...
Cant wait 
masters
this flow sound like 21 savage in a way.. except she actually has emotion in her voice instead of sounding like she just woke up, damn.
Love you guys!\nYou doing so well keep going!\nI saw you live in May at Big weekend it was awesome! \nIt would be a dream to get a reply off \nyou!! 
Jadore!
Amo amoo amooo esta cansionnnnn hay por dios ven que yo quiero tenerlos...\nTu me gustas tanto que esta nunca miente... Amoo los amo mis amorsitos CNCO son los mejores no hay conparasion ustedes si son los mejores
At thirteen years old she is better by far than a certain bitchy 14 year old dead meme!
cowbell headsmack was fkn hilarious
Hey, Peter, can you do the song Lullaby by Josh Groban?
 AVICII 
AWESOME 
Grace you inspire me soooo much!!! You have come so far and... idk I'm just so happy tor you and everything you have accomplished! Plus, your singing and songwriting skills are amazing and I would love to meet you someday!
Being I know it's just a music video but I totally think they look like a good ass couple
Lin Manuel Miranda is a fucking genius
perfecttt
Another artist has yet to change my life the way she does with every song 
This music video was anythingggg
Cute
Oh come on its a good song but it is nowhere near as good as Depeche Modes best work.

*03:04** TALENT!*

Great
Here is a rough version of The Wolf and the Sheep ! Thought i'd post it today !\nsign up for my email list if ya wanna see me live & follow me on instagram if ya wanna send me a message ! Gunna answer some today. instagram.com/alecbenjamin\ntinyurl.com/abmailing
what's the point of having a studio in your house if you're not going to continue to pump out albums? dumb.
They covered  the rolling stones
Is it just me or does this video look a lot like the light em up video
Jessie j me contrata pra fazer divulgao, pois essa equipe sua no presta..
2.24

This entire album is terrible
' VERILY, LET'S HOPE SO! HAHAHAHAHA! '
Dude she doesnt age..so pretty
A wonderful tribute.
Just Love It!!!!
addictive
MAINSTREAM SUCKS SERIOUSLY WTF
I really appreciate this song by one of the best djs ever
Just go to google and type: *gexxguides* You're going to get the only one 100% Working clash of clans working tool by 2017
1:56 how can liam do that XD
Oh geez. My .
i seriously cried over this yesterday and the day before when it came out. they give me tingles 
lol the PTX genre
Awesome I love it !!
Well, I love her dress 
DODIE OHMYGOD ITS BEAUTIFUL IM CRYING DODIE I LOVE YOU
This actually sounds like Tiesto
So good 10/10
Literally all her songs apply to my life rn  and keep up the good work Phoebe
LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTT! YASSS TOVE LO.
*I was hoping Justin would've been in the music video, but it's still an interesting video and the song is as amazing as ever. We* *covered 2U on my channel, hope you will watch it.*
I wish He was singing in my wading day
Cashmeoutside
Good song though
I was dying for a new song for album reputation
Amazing song
She?
Video clip before was kinda better.But song is the best of all that i ever heard.
Am I high?
I love this song
   !!!
Look so cute :3
Cool?....
Wow! Straight to the soul!
Music so good makes me wannah kill my self
before 1M whoo
She looks so indifferent... I would probably faint. JUSTIN VERNON WOMAN
https://youtu.be/wa7etjUFSwg\n*ACCEPT CHRIST AND REPENT FOR HE IS RETURNING SOON*
Fuck dudes!... I just watched this on my 72 in, and damn!... gotta say I appreciate all the details you guys put into it. Looks beautiful and sounded beautiful. Fuck yeah guys!
porra
Something similar to MGMT (2013). Perfect, MGMT is the band's best album ever.
When Peyton becomes a vampire!
I thought he was a rapper lmao
Cute cartoon.
First time I heard her and I knew she had it in her!
When I saw this was a  Tommy Petty cover, I was upset. But after watching and listening I was smiling, singing and clapping Amazing job and don't think Tom would have disagreed...how fun!

Why would you release a song called Light it up after the Vegas shooting when your a country artist?!
Lyrics\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nBut every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way to good at goodbyes\n(I'm way to good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
Turkey
Klasse super Danke Nickelback
I don't speak Spanish but I still got that groove lol 
amazing ! wow ! now it becomes my favorite song ! luv u Charlie!
UGH OMG!! so much emotion I love him my goodness, so talented!!
Wow you can't spell for shit. Can barely talk.. stay on school
Ksznm a szp dalt s a csods  videt.                                                                                                 Kellemes szp napot kvnok szeretettel.                                                                          *************************************
Curb Your Jared Leto
HER FACE! IS SO BEAUTIFUL!! HER DANCE MOVES! THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL!!
Amazing. Please DM, come to Rock in Rio Brazil/2019!!!
I'll be honest, though I love both artists, this song has some weird pacing issues and doesn't seem that radio friendly
Omg i can't believe Jake is singing with Noah Cyrus, makes me so happy
Man this some goooooooood stuff!!!!
The video is the same of flashing lights - Kanye West
To be fair this is fecking great as it goes, 
Linkin Park isn't the same without Chester anymore! :(
karma for selling out and becoming americans
Your songs are cool
makes me wanna shop at walmart
Love this song 
I swear, I jumped whenever it started I thought my volume was all the way down so I turned it up, and it scared tf out of me
This was my favorite back in the day that seems so far away now
Y E S 
812,276 views only???????????????????????????????? wtf.
Come on to 100 milion Puthinators 
God is a woman
Fuckin dope
Wasn't expecting a comeback soon, but she did!!
Where is the spooky scary skeletons cover?
OMG YASSSS BEST SURPRISE
she kidding right?
Only 1.4M what's wrong with you people?? She Deserve better than this  So disappointed 
i want a jamie remix of EVERY xx song... #dream <3
Juan Luis Guerra 
the guy character looks like a young Axel Rose from Guns n Roses
love to see a collab with cody carson
Hermoso cover GRACIAS D.M ! y FUERZA MEXICO CARAJO!
Soundz a lot like my exz
Always late
Chris Young, the best country voice right now!!!
I feel in love with the Asian dancer.
This song really reminds me of Teylas song from SG:A. Ah, the memories... :)
She is such an amazing person. My favorite singer EVER!
Damn summer just ended... so this song kind of lost its value as a summer song. Plus don't it sound like she singing I'm swinging, with my ass hole ? No just me? K

this song is beautiful
YAY NEW SONG! I REALLY LIKE IT! I'M GOING TO REPEAT THIS UNTIL I GET TIRED OF IT!
How's he not big it's mental
Damn, looks like I'll have to break up with my girlfriend, so this will be our break up song! Too bad , I really liked her a lot, bad timing on this song!
God damn, this reminds me of fruit ninja!
he's a really brilliant artist  ahhh trop joli
Never go off with strangers girls!
lyrics don't go with the beat e.e it's horrible
The whip crack with the zoom in on the face gets me every fucking time.

There has got to be a connection between Tove Lo and Joe Janiak's (guy from Vibes) characters.
Gran gio a millonarios FC en el minuto 1:51 grandes!
Porg or Porn 
Bonnie is so underrated
1000101 1110011 100000 1110101 1101110 100000 1110000 1101111 1100011 1101111 100000 1100101 1111000 1110100 1110010 1100001 11110001 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1111001 1101111 100000 1100101 1110011 1100011 1110010 1101001 1100010 1100001 100000 1110000 1101111 1110010 100000 1100101 1110011 1110100 1100101 100000 1101101 11101001 1110100 1101111 1100100 1101111 101100 100000 1110000 1100101 1110010 1101111 100000 1111001 1100001 100000 1110110 1100101 1110011 100000 1110100 1110101 100000 1100101 1110011 100000 1101100 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1101000 1100001 1111001 101110 1010 1001100 1100001 100000 1110110 1100101 1110010 1100100 1100001 1100100 100000 1110100 1100101 1101110 1100111 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1100100 1100101 1100011 1101001 1110010 100000 1100001 1101100 1100111 1101111 101100 100000 1111001 1100001 100000 1100101 1110011 1110100 1101111 1111001 100000 1100011 1100001 1101110 1110011 1100001 1100100 1101111 100000 1100100 1100101 100000 1101101 1101001 1110011 100000 1110000 1100101 1101110 1110011 1100001 1101101 1101001 1100101 1101110 1110100 1101111 1110011 100000 1101101 1101001 100000 1100101 1110011 1110100 1110010 11101001 1110011 100000 1101100 1101100 1100101 1100111 1100001 100000 1100001 100000 1110100 1100001 1101100 100000 1100111 1110010 1100001 1100100 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1110100 1101111 1100100 1101111 100000 1101101 1100101 100000 1100110 1100001 1110011 1110100 1101001 1100100 1101001 1100001 101100 100000 1100101 1101100 100000 1100011 1101000 1101111 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1100100 1100101 100000 1100100 1101111 1110011 100000 1101101 1110101 1101110 1100100 1101111 1110011 100000 1110000 1100001 1110010 1100001 1101100 1100101 1101100 1101111 1110011 100000 1100100 1101111 1101110 1100100 1100101 100000 1100101 1101110 100000 1100001 1101101 1100010 1101111 1110011 100000 1100101 1110010 1100101 1110011 100000 1100101 1101100 100000 1101101 1101001 1110011 1101101 1101111 100000 1110000 1110010 1101111 1110100 1100001 1100111 1101111 1101110 1101001 1110011 1110100 1100001 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1110010 1100101 1110000 1101001 1110100 1100101 100000 1111001 100000 1110010 1100101 1110000 1101001 1110100 1100101 100000 1101100 1100001 1110011 100000 1101101 1101001 1110011 1101101 1100001 1110011 100000 1100011 1101111 1110011 1100001 1110011 100000 1110010 1101111 1100100 11110011 100000 1100101 1101100 100000 1110100 1101001 1100101 1101101 1110000 1101111 101100 100000 1000011 1110010 1100101 1100101 1110011 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1110011 1101001 100000 1110000 1110101 1100100 1101001 1100101 1110010 1100001 100000 1100011 1100001 1101101 1100010 1101001 1100001 1110010 100000 1100101 1101100 100000 1110100 1101001 1100101 1101101 1110000 1101111 100000 1101100 1101111 100000 1100011 1100001 1101101 1100010 1101001 1100001 1110010 11101101 1100001 111111 101100 100000 1110000 1100101 1110010 1101111 100000 1100011 1101100 1100001 1110010 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1110011 1101001 101100 100000 1110011 11110011 1101100 1101111 100000 1100101 1101100 100000 1101000 1100101 1100011 1101000 1101111 100000 1100100 1100101 100000 1110011 1100001 1100010 1100101 1110010 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1111001 1100001 100000 1101110 1100001 1100100 1100001 100000 1101101 1100101 100000 1110000 1100001 1110010 1100101 1100011 1100101 100000 100010 1100001 1101100 1100101 1100111 1110010 1100101 100010 100000 1101100 1101111 1110011 100000 1110000 1100101 1101110 1110011 1100001 1101101 1101001 1100101 1101110 1110100 1101111 100000 1100101 1110011 1110100 11111010 1110000 1101001 1100100 1101111 1110011 100000 1100100 1100101 100000 1101100 1100001 100000 1100111 1100101 1101110 1110100 1100101 100000 1101100 1101100 1100101 1100111 1100001 100000 1100001 100000 1110100 1100001 1101100 100000 1100111 1110010 1100001 1100100 1101111 100000 1110001 1110101 1100101 100000 1110001 1110101 1101001 1100101 1110010 1100101 1110011 100000 1101101
Friday 13th xD
Guys please pray for me and my whole church my freind died
I'm here before the millions come in the droves 
I found it painful to see Morrissey in a wheelchair

COMO UN RASCACIELOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
**
Many good times spent listening to the wonderful music of Tom Petty. God bless you Tom.
the DIVA is BACK!number one!
Illeniummmmmm <3
Pacific Daydream, or Nightmare?
sing Ta
always nice loved this song
this song is gonna be awesomee

Sheep sheep sheep
yes nice song ilike
RAYOS!!!! QUE HERMOSA ME ENCANTA
I'm sad Avicii isn't getting the recognition he used to :(

I found this to be really inspiring, so thank you so much for making this video!\nAlso, I was just wondering: how do you distribute your music? And if you do it personally: which website do you use (and why)?
Why doesn't this have a million views already??
Porfin tiempos esperando este video
I fascinated.
Fucking great
ISIS has great days ahead of it!
If there's a nontoxic version to imitate, kids with autism would be in heaven to see this.
THIS IS WAAAAAAY TO SHORT!
Can't wait to see his co-host with Carrie on CMA
These pipes Jessie. Yessssssss.
i love her so much
The best songgg 
  P U R E  G O L D 
Yasss
Sansa deserves a happy ending.
Esta cancion necesita un poco mas de beyonce  MAXIMA DIVA 
Loved it.
THANK YOU FOR BLESSING MY EAR KYGO!!
Kelly you look and sound beautiful as always! I forever fan since the beginning I will always cherish you! XO
Alisnya kookie
RIP Grant Hart :(
This is fucking beautiful and I love stargazing too *Sigh* 
1:18
I wish he would create songs like red lights :(
Love this song  Can't wait for Glasshouse! I prefer the live version of Alone though, which is always a compliment!
Why didn't you released this when slime was as popular as Taylor swift
Donde estaba avicci?
Brought to you by............................... DODGE
I always loved jhene aiko.. she is one of the best singers
Sadie Robertson!!!
I've just seen this amazing birthday present!! Thanks for it!
I lo ve you marsmello
Got Damnnn On Repeat
Llamas are amazing
This is so good
thanks Tom for creating the soundtrack to my life..god speed ..fuck heart attack..survived one myself ..damn
Hvor mange danskere er der her inde?
I love it 
flying
Didn't know porn was allowed on youtube.
Like, who even wants to dislike this beauty 
This is the first song I've listened to by Fall Out Boy after it was recommended to me by a classmate last week. Kind of disappointed as this sounds like Maroon 5. My favorite band is Paramore and also like Linkin Park, Pearl Jam, and even E Street. What are the best Fall Out Boy songs for me?
2014-now I'm amazed he wasn't bigger then
Mi tierra bella Santa Marta Colombiano 
https://www.pointsprizes.com/ref/2369021
This is lit
He needs a cowboy hat and boots and he's golden, he has good song that hit you
Salute 2 ebro for acknowledging stack bundles, squuuuuad up!
Her mom failed as a parent. As a result, she created a spoil, delinquent girl.
AMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIIIIII!!!! Linda, maravilhosa, incrivel!!! I love you Lana <3
it sound like Martin Garrix & Matisse & Sadko - Together when it drop
Awesome voice as always! Cringing on his dance moves in a very nice way. Lol
Sending love from Dubai
Her sound is like Selena

are u guys having a tour
When she said band mates I cried because of one direction!! 
I'd sell my left leg to hear this live
Man you are the best . respect ...
cant wait for ur concert in singapore?!??!??!!  
Ayyy Charlie slayed this again! 
its best if jb is in the vid
caralho eu t no cu
Queen 
I already liked it..but when he brought out the guitar I was sold. 
 . ...j'adore
Sadie is so flippin cute.
I. Cant. Wait!!!! 
harry
Now we finally know where Gendry was planning to go as he rowed that boat..
Thank you Jamie for all the music you make it honestly makes my day 100x better! I love you Jamie, Romy, And Oliver you guys are the best!
Love
\nI have to keep this one on repeat..
WoodieJ3 - Introduction (Official Music Video)\nhttps://youtu.be/5r1An1RskA8 \n\nListen:\nhttps://soundcloud.com/woodiej3
This is adorable. Great job!!!!!
I AM HEEEEEEEERE
ok.. this is pretty good =)
I liked it before i heard it
this song describes my life so perfect right now...
It's beautiful...
ugh finally <3
Legal como se faz os clips
WTF . Danny is back
I hear that!
nice puffy nips 1:23
I love you so much chance but like that was the WORST crowd I ever seen just saying.......
Lp your voice is amaizing.You are a great artist!!
I LOVE YOU <3 Please, don't be sorry.. \nI didn't have energy only 10 minutes ago and oh !\nMy energy is comeback thank you so much for this beautiful song <3 \nSorry for my english
3:02.....Lionel messi...
Morrissey isnt gay\nGay is Morrissey!

She sounds a million times better without that auto pitch tune correcting technology ..
Ayyy letty
So Refreshing to see ACTUAL Musicians. RIP Tom.
I love you Rachel 
Idk but when the guy introduced mgk it reminded me of how they introduced nirvana in the music video in bloom !!!!! No just me ??
Looks like we need to shove a bible down 22 peoples throats..
MELHORRRR CANTORA
umm i freaking love this
Saving this to my cassettes 
MELHORRRR CANTORA
It's close to my birthday and this song came out I'm sooooo happy
fucking galantis, you were sooooo GOOD, in 2015 but now the Fame and money hurt their musical touch. what a disappointment.. RIP GALANTIS
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
Absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU GUYS, AWESOME INSPIRING THE PEOPLE,  FILL EM WITH THE HOLY GHOST
Mitch's P90 loaded Les Paul Goldtop and his tone is soooo soothing!
excited for world of walker
I cant belive ive been here for a year (with 2 accounts that is) i subbed at 11k
Disney Villain Jonathan is back XD
La amo ojala venga otra vez a Mxico el otro ao
Borring this is soooo 90'

Drip, drip, drip marketing killing me D !  RELEASE IT!  Need new music!  :-)
Love you Lizzo 

wow pink im glad u back i missed ur old music too i was 16 or 19 years old when i heard u for the first time i was born mexico but now im from usa wisconsin !!! 
THIS IS AWESOME !!!!!
If director was going for psychopath on drugs he definitely hit the nail on the head.
B-52s
I just love these 2
MGMT has always been one of the best. This album is going to be tasty
Always & Forever 
What new song are you most excited to perform live on your US tour? #Seattle #seeyouthere #Patreon
love always hurts
good good
This is lit ..
me encanto
God damn this is garbage
keep going 
The songs just keep getting more and more powerful. You deserve it big Alec, you're one of the most unique artists I've ever heard. 
I ain't meee
Taylor swift our queen 
What easter eggs
Such a amazing song and beautifully lyrics P!NK
Flashbacks to Warm Smiles <3
Aly and AJ make cute vampires.
Love from Belarus:
i love it
Hey Guys!\nI'm Erol, a young German musician making Electronic Music.\nI would be very happy if you visit my channel, hear my songs and give me some feedback!
Is that saide Robertson
So Love me or leave me alone
Shania needs to be #1 on trending with millions and billions of views
Shippo muito Justin e Camila
Cual es tu Pueblo?\nCabo Rojo!
OMG so cute!!! 
an actual poet
Hey Andrew
Ethan and moe have a sister ?
for me  for you :)
Goooooo baby girl  you did  excellent proud of you.

Wow, just when I thought hick music couldn't get any more faggy.  You make Clay Aiken look badass!
He is still my Hero.\n I hope people don't use him.

This may not be very objective because I actually like your music usually but...As a Swiftie, after what happened I didn't listen to your music anymore but...yeah, this is Brussels in this video, the capital of my country so...yeah, I'll admit just because of that I liked watching the video.
Complete trash
How can all off of your songs have such an impact on me???
ta top
Holy shit ... thank god it's 2007 !!!! I had a bad dream about teenage girls fucked up the music industry in 2017 .. thank god it was only a DREAM .. brb im going to watch high school musical .. feel free to add me on my MSN  (sumamorr@hotmail.com) or my space (sumamor )  love you
I love this new song 
Who's here before 1 m ?
His voice is PCP.\nPower\nControl\nPassion\n!!!
Part of my playlist \n\nAnyone else also?
I LOVE.  
Hey guys! My name is Malik Charles...im really tryna get my music heard and would appreciate any support! I make music about love,life,pain and try my best to reach all people. Please take a listen... https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
When I say this sister is singing on this song oh my God I have slept on Jessie J does she have a album out I need to get more of her like now!! This song is pure vocal perfection love love it!!
this song is such normie trash
0:31 give me chills. yes im ready!!!
Yes!!! I love this so much!!!
Great song
Magic song, such a shame Chester can't spread it  live to the world 
I like this so more then lean on
https://youtu.be/CF7ckAbkNyI excelente

Rip
Music video \nhttps://youtu.be/Wj7-h759l_Q
Brasileiro Aqui ? :o
Omg. I'm obsessed with this song now! Just now heard it, and I know I'ma listen to it all night on repeat now!!! :) P.S.- {does anyone else listen to the same song on repeat anymore, or is it just me?}
FOREVER GRATEFUL
One would think that putting your drink on a crucifix is far more disrespectful to the Divine than, say playing Pokemon.  I mean, come on, he's not even using a coaster!
dude mostly drop love for dominicans and puerto ricans cause he grew up around em living in marcy projects.
new generation EM
he created wat dance is tdy :)) ... look at all those steps n movements... u see it re- introduced meshed up in todays mv's globally, yet he created d basics .. i rememebered my young days of having dat one glove n jacket n simply being able to do d moonwalk n look as cool as him...i wonder how many of us can relate to dat lol ..
Awww ilysfm ur amazing!!!
it should be titled Lyft, because this reminds me of that, driving for that
Them vocals! That tap! Bravo!
he looks 50
now great! I said... I need new Martina McBride, Dixie Chicks, Shania Twain, Faith Hill and I can leave this planet peacefully. Now Martina, DCX, Shania and soon Faith are out with new albums and Im scared :) GREAT!!!! It sound really amazing! Cant wait for it. Album cover is AMAZING!!!!!! And Tims voice is just... wow!!
You guys dress like you're on a 90's kids tv show. No offense.
Love Cas, but this bish couldn't have grabbed a ricola/ tea before this interview?  #damn.
one of the hardest song i herd  in a while
Say what you want about all the porn he had.... His music is still great
Go claim your free money >>>getslidejoy.com/r2/YHNGzapMsbuUQGetcnvCkQ
So they've been together for less than a year? :/ I wanna be happy for them but I'm just not sure it's gonna work out for a very long time... it seems a little early. Wish them the best though.
Ugh     . 
Tamar, F'D herself up...
such a devastating loss, will definately buy the album
DANNY!!!!
You're good going
Love Your Music
  ! : , 
Do The Trooper - Iron Maiden
So handsome and truly gifted
Hooray ! I got it right ! :D
This is sad
I Do What ever it takes to watch this video
Big fan of hers, have been following her since she won the voice. As amazing as her voice is, i am slightly worried this album is not going to have much country on it. So far with sway, human diary and now hello summer, she seems to be moving very much more towards pop. Its fine if she does, but she just has such a great voice that she would be missed in country should she switch over like Taylor Swift did back in the day. Regardless, great song even better voice
I wish i could buy this vion on Itunes 
My eyes has been blessed the moment I saw your face  mahal kita!!! 
*Mediocre covers anyone? I did one of Multiplied.*
2:18 best part
I AM HOOKED UP FOR PART 2 PLEASE I CANT WAIT THIS VIDEO IS A SWEET MASTERPIECE
Does anyone remember the whole thing when she squeezed a kinder egg out of her minge on stage?
unusual couple-  he's a redneck, or at least come off that way, and she clearly is L.A. swine.
So real the song hurts more than the relationship.
My favorite voice in country music
I'll be honest, this is a good combination of her singing and production. A mix of Vows and Golden Echo
Perfect *-*
I love this song!!!!\n\n\nWho else?
Fif is ALMOST as good a troll as Trump. Lol Fif definitely is a lot funnier.
Roman Atwood-Smile More
Questions. Why does he have a hoodie and denim jacket on at the beach?
Cheguei antes dos 100 milhes, mas cheguei 
Que modinha  essa de amarrar balde nos peito? Meu deus k
me encanta esta cancion, da energia y alegria ademas de acordarme que ya voy a salir de vacaciones 
Did anyone else catch paranoid android @ 2:53
Just Awsome song
PRIMERAAAAA
Walk off the earth has done it again.....niiiice
Google translate KUK Swedish to English >:D
Now this is rap.
Please come to Brazil! 
Nice song
Just Beautiful.
[Intro]\nAlright\nOoh, yeah\n\n[Verse 1]\nI'll admit, I was wrong, what else can I say, girl?\nCan't you blame my head and not my heart?\nI was drunk, I was gone, that don't make it right, but\nPromise there were no feelings involved, mmh\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\n \n\n[Verse 2]\nI'll admit, it's my fault, but you gotta believe me\nWhen I say it only happened once, mmm\nI try, and I try, but you'll never see that\nYou're the only one I wanna love, oh, yeah\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh (encore)\nOooh-ooh-oh\nHow long has this been goin' on, baby?\nOoo-oh (yeah)\nOoo-oh, you gotta go tell me now\nOooh-ooh-oh\n \n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nShe said, Boy, tell me honestly\nWas it real or just for show?, yeah\nShe said, Save your apologies\nBaby, I just gotta know\n\n[Chorus]\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nAnd you' been creepin' 'round on me\nWhile you're callin' me baby\nHow long has this been goin' on?\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby\n\n[Post-Chorus]\n(Ooo-oh, yeah)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\nYou've been creepin' 'round on me\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nHow long has it been goin' on, baby? Oh\n(Ooo-oh)\nHow long has this been goin' on?\n(Ooh, encore)\n(You gotta go tell me now)\n(Oooh-ooh-oh)\nYou've been actin' so shady\nI've been feelin' it lately, baby
Your voices are soul-healing. I will never get bored of you wonderful sisters! 
Didn't Chance the rapper just use the Muppet gimmick. Hope it doesn't start a trend and get overused. Good song though
banjo master
Lol the title of the song in brackets 
OMFG
I  it!
Latina presente <3
Amazing. I can't stop crying. God bless you, Tom, we love you.
Just heard this guy and this song for the FIRST time on a ad while I was waiting on some yelawolf and this is now my new jam!
So proud of this guy!
i have listened to this 20 times. My bf sent this to me it is now our song
whyd it take them 6 months to realize this song deserved a video
Wait, they're still around? Wow, completely forgot about these two. Brings back memories of terrible Disney channel live action movies...but decent enough music tracks.
Production on point! Girl's killing it 
Nice song
very nice song. love it
<3
This was so beautiful ! Probably my favorite music session!
This shit
I got them all right! :3 it's easy if you use midi samples often
Damn , i still can't realise that it happened . FOREVER CHESTER
super cool and creative. The fact that PTX and Skyrim are their own genres is perfection! :)
SAAN KA KA JAMES?!
RIP Tom Petty
Peace Toni love your new song...
cool
Come back too
Nice song once again! I like how so many people can relate to this music, because a lot of people have felt like outcasts in their lives
Bracing myself for more new amazing Kimbra music.  This track is so different from her older work, but Kimbra is just amazing at bringing such diverse sound.
awee i like this songgg! IM TRYING OUT FOR AMERICAS GOT TALENT IN A MONTH AND I POST COVERS ; COME CHECK THEM OUT YOU WONT REGRET IT THANKYOUUUU & subscribeee
thankyou Grant - R.I.P.
OMG it very amzaing
awh
This is SO good
Even the B sides off the white album are better than this. Missing the rock sound.
 that was dope! I heard everything man! You do well! (Dbz)
1:37 ... This... IS VOCALOID
I love you guys.... You guys are so cute
 Clublife, Vol. 5 - China !
I really wanted to like this. I enjoy and respect the artists, but I absolutely hate this sound. mimicking auto tuned mumble rap. It's garbage
So this video shows the love from the fans, the other is their best moment together, Talking to myself shows their best moment in 2017(eventhough this year is absolutely )
https://youtu.be/tCiT7Ba5OdM
ablan espaol?
Such a good video that I didn't hear half the song.
Awesome like always :)
Why does Danielle bregoli' s absolutely shitty song with no effort or meaning behind it get more views than Eden, not to mention she's a hell of a lot less talented like it's not even funny, and Eden has been making much more amazing music for waaaaay longer than her, the Eden project is great and EDEN is just amazing.
Coming from a huge weezer fan, his isn't your best, guys. Where's the wall of guitar? Quit hanging out at the beach, Rivers. Come back to Cambridge MA and get depressed because that's when you write your best songs.
I got them all right
i love this video and song so much
Every gamer and the computer's lover Love hacking so I have some videos to show you guys how to hack systems. I am an Ethical hacker. I will teach you How to hack any types of devices. Using Kali Linux. I have a YouTube channel  HackFlicks . Please Subscribe to my channel and watch all the videos\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5YWQxDMHlz0ZC4PvROXItw
Loveitloveitloveitlove\nItloveitloveitloveittttt
Is like no body cares about Cuba and any other country
Its never too early for Christmas music
IVE NEVER CLICKED A VIDEO SO FAST IN MY ENTIRE LYFE
Yo tengo un perro de esos si asies es un Huski siberiano y es ambra y es un perro fiel
Do I get a #YoutubeWhite FanFest anytime soon??
I thought a new Sin City movie trailer was out.lol
0:01 The deserveing song
That Mustache is amazing

next with Miley Cyrus, please..
This maybe my fav song
Now DR bring on the whole album we want it all
Stargazing is better than This Town.. More kygo-like
Halsey is so pretty
YAY! SO ECSTATIC FOR NEW MUSIC. \nWelcome back Ladies! Missed you guys so much!!
 i love you Gwen Stefani      
Continuation of wait for me nice concept.
Hes back his voice just makes me 
Man, i knew the comments were gonna funny. Unfortunatly, i can't see the comments from hell where i was send after playing pokemon. Oh by the way, charizard and pikachu are here 2.
BRING YEEZY BACK... I miss the OLE KANYE
Hits me so hard this song!! Especially with depeche mode singing it!!!
FOR ALMOST EVER SINCE I HEARD IT WOW
I love everything he sings my #1 favorite...
I thought this was Nick Jonas
Holy wow! So wonderful!
Here before 1 million
1 for 4 is acceptable enough in baseball I guess
I love this song! I just found her few days ago 
Wow, Im downloading this immediately 
Que Sensacional, s msica linda ! Merece um grande reconhecimento man!! Bom de mais!
La mejor combinacin del mundo , me encanto

Party details in the description! Hope to see you there!\nAlso, the #MakeMusicEverywhere merch is only on sale for one more week! http://merch.andrewhuang.com
dude! Adam can make EDM drops with his voice itself...and why don't you show the other band members in videos
for your first big performance and to be in front of people who didnt even know you YOU DID AMAZING!  keep doing your thing di, im so proud
Came for my 3 seconds of Gal Gadot

You sound great
beautiful lyric 
Best sing off for me of conor...
Amazing song . Lol , I know Lecrae and KB know that the last chorus was off though , the transition between KB verse and the hook could have been a lot smoother. Much love though #Hometeam
Again this song fits the theme of all her songs .
FINALLY not a beach single!
Avicii is love 7u7
This is actually really powerfull 
Meh
I LOVE THIS DROP OF SUNLIGHT GOD BLESS UR EXISTENCE
https://youtu.be/TEMjMTP7dX8
i hate how mush i love that song !!!
Yassss this song is amazing!!
son tan intensas! por eso las amo!!!
I should be working on a social studies presentation about the holocaust. nah. rather watch this
Fans tiesto from Poland greetings! Epic song! 
THIS IS DA BOMB
Me encant!
Rainhas
So Good...
Very nice play 
love it!!!
I wanna be like this dude when I grow up.
Such a beautiful soul, I love you so much Jhene
o shit i was unprepared
U came in the right time.. I luv u baby
*Banks leaves last 10 seconds of silence* \nthis is art 
My bae
Copyright infringement aside, a pretty creative idea for finding a job. Shit... he has over a million views with this video alone.
SO VOTE BTS ON AAA. MAY LOSING IN THE MWAVE VOTING WILL SERVE AS A LESSON FOR US TO IMPROVE OUR CONSISTENCY AND TEAMWORK
Danielle's drum face 
Omg did anyone else realize cole walowac from capital kings produced this?!!!
I'll never get sick of My Little Pony, no matter how old I am. <3
Miley seems like such a genuinely beautiful person, inside and out
This new album is the only think I am able to talk about!!!
CHECK THE DESCRIPTION\n\n\n*Production ass: Joris Hoevenberg, Mees Roozen*
Cassie needa take them shades of so she can look me in the eye when she's being interviewed yeh gimme that eye contact baby 
Love Poland

Yo cuando chica me crea shaquira  jajajaja
This is such a MASTERPIECE 
Much.  Better
my  testicles  imploded
Heard Lin sing just two lines of West Side Story.\nI think I can die happy now.
Why does everyone need to parody K-Dot? Just because he's the current g.o.a.t?
Me and my sex doll were listening to this on the highway. We got so errect we got off and started fucking each other in the middle of the highway nice song

Se a J comear a cantar em portugus no vai mudar nada pq o publico dela parece ser so daqui berro
Many old artist are coming back because they realize there is too much crap being called music and lyrics. Many more should come back! This song is beautiful!
Hmm
This sounds like Teen Heat Part II! I LOVE IT!
2:48 yaasss dua
OMG I actually got ALL correct!!!! :D
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL YALL TALKING ABOUT BUT I REMEMBER BYRINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN YNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN lol
this is powerful, can't believe I have never heard of this guy
Oh I thought this was an old song
This song makes me go to the lowest floor
Can Sam Smith make a bad song please because I can't stop listening his songs.
I have such a crush on the orange haired girl 
En mi humilde opinin esto est sonando ms a pop que a metal
Loove it!
*illuminati party*
No me gusto .. tiene mejores  bjs
i don't see why i can't appreciate this and what yall old mfs call mumble rap yall corny
I'm so gay for Hayley Williams
Sexy song, she sounds like Riri
Loveee loveee loveee it
Beck is always up to something dope
Visit the channel you support your channel. thanks you
Love this song!
I love that song. That is the vest song inn the world
They are so gooooood!!!!!!
This song lit up my mood that now I am hitting the like button of every comment
Rip brother
OMG I AM SO PROUD OF HER!!! Love you Sabrina!! 
Nobody cares about y'all wetbacks
The chorus tune is copied from If I die Young by the band perry and also Eminem
Song is pretty old, just the collab is new, but i love this song
this is aAMZIGNANGINANGAINGIANNGANIG@#R
Woo~ This is very funny video... Omg Omg... Lol~ Love that Solo
I do not like the keyboard... But Love you Morrissey... You are like wine... The older- the better... Mmmm.. <3 .. Is it Gustavo in the background???  Love from Poland  <3  I am waiting for you..........
Chris Young has one of the best voices I've heard in a long time. I love him.
i love you <3 puth
THEY HAVE RETURNED!
This music video has been the worst music video ever
great song 
Simplesmente maravilhosa... Obrigado por existir Bonnie, I love you so much Queen
Two bitches in one studio
Amei  glria a Deus ! 
I love how the vids are SHORT AND EXCITING!!! 
Awesome song
New music from an old soul. Thank you Julien
OMG!!!!!!
fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome
yess I've LOVE YOU GUYS SOOO MUCH!!!!!!
That top knot is convincing anyone, bald cunt.
Melhor parte do video -> 1:59
God Bless You, Lin.
Loving this. Ohhh my
Snapped
I got a Fall out boy ad :)
Yooo. This music video got me crying when the postcard scene came up
Magnifique chanson trs beau clip toujours top Brad
White people
      \n      \n     
*GUESS WHAT?*\nwhat\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*CHICKEN BUTT! :3*
Disney Channel stars cant seem to die
THIS IS SO CUTE! \nLove Zac's beanie (and him XD)
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TOSHTOSHH
0:52 i like that part

Thank you so much for sharing this.  It makes my heart sing.  <3
Aly and AJ just made a song that I know I'm going to hear in Victoria's Secret for a couple of months. What a great song. :)
Pull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the \nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before. \n\nContact us today for your Card. \nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com \nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below Now For More Info.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
Amazing
WTF 
Would you mind flopped and so will this lol
What that mouth do tho
Omgggg I went to her concert and may I just say this song is so different than the others and it hit a whole new emotional level, you go girl
My kinda song 
I LOVE THS SONG \n LOVE SHAKRA
Bye Tommy.
I love them okay bye
Is that aunt jemima  granddaughter or did she pop out of a 1900s cartoon
Nah I don't wanna blend in with you little rappin idiots .... he saved himself 

If I get 500 likes , my girlfriend will give me a kiss....
I hate pills but I like this songs.
Beautiful song, deep lyrics, great video !!! New album is masterpiece !!!!! 
What a fucking true song about musician love.. I believe this is just about her relationships ending with musicians, ie: like G-Eazy.
    !   !

Rest in peace
This song is genius
The xx - On Hold (Lit Version)
*We actually improve so many thing about this comeback,  like korean chart, album sales,  yes our youtube views is decreasing compared to NEVER EVER,  but the like and comments is lots,  mean our fandoms is keep bigger,we trending in many country, itunes no1 in 17 country, and many youtube trending,  i think many of ahgases help stream in korea site, that why youtube views not that fast we make it NAVER, MNET, GENIE,  debuted no 1 after mv out,  even soribada and bugs is in top3 position,  our melon chart is good comparing to Never ever,  we get rank no3/4 in ICHART that really huge improvement,  for other ahgases who can't help stream in korea app,  we must hardly stream here,  we expected to win this time but Nuest is really no joke this time,  Nuest got a public recognition after the program produce 101,we do very amazing at album sales and we never expect nuest to sell more album than us, Yes their fans work hard to get NUEST first win, that really shock,  yes they deserved to get that! But our boys is GOT7,  that why we need to help them,  That why if we want to won,  let's work more hard, but if we dont won , don't be so frust,  the boys know how we work,  but yesss whatever let's work hard more for them,  they give everything to us , I tell you ahgases u will only meet group like GOT7 once in your lifes,  i'm not trying to say anything,  but tell me where u can find a group who always put 'BABYBIRD' in their mv, babybird is us!,  where u can find a group who always upload special video in every comeback for us? They humble, funny,crazy, sweet, Where u can find a group that always talk about their friendship than anything? Creating album about real friendship? Including us in their life,  love us than anything, ? , every group have their own uniqueness,  but you will only meet squad like GOT7 once in your life, They never be same and none group can replace them in my heart, like jinyoung said said GOT7 is a friends that i will never meet again in my life,  i will never meet friends like them, only them, we came from differents country , differents age,we work hard together and share the same dreams okay Ahgases no matters what happen, 1,2,3,or 10 years we will stay with them, always GOT7,  7 for life,  although if we lost don't ever stop streaming, voting and all,  our boys only have us,  only IGOT7,  if JYP seems dont care about them anymore let JYP know IGOT7 is work harder than the company,  JYP never promote them in korea popular variety show, Jyp seems to want they work for more tours and etc to get a lots money,  that no fair,  they deserved korea big award too!,  we need to make JYP wake up,  let JYP know our boys talents need more recognition in korea,  let's make JYP send them in happY together,  Knowing bro,  and etc,  so our boys will be more popular in korea, please JYP just dont use GOT7 only for money,  give them what they deserved !*\n\n*Sorry for mention nuest,  i like them too*
Screw him.
Its Aha!!!
Damn, she sounded amazing at only 13. I'm 13 and I sound like a strangled cat when I sing.
That's an A7.
Alan Walker i love you!)
Completely confused
I feel like 21 is a bit too young for this. Of course that getting married in your early twenties doesn't automatically mean that your marriage won't last, but why the rush? If you're in love and together just enjoy it, if it's meant to be neither one will go anywhere. I do wish them all the best though. Congrats to them! Also, what's up with the salty comments like let's see how long this lasts? Why do you have to be so mean?
Wow, 1 Million of suscribers! <3 Congratulations Rachel! I love all your songs so much
and then theres the people who complain about how linkin park changed..
Seeing these two again is so nostalgic, I love the new sound and style
Love Spell, Ex back Spell, Revenge, Marriage, Family disputes etc.\nSpell caster Kunal\nCall or Whatsapp- +91 8290014493
Omg you where on the news in the Netherlands
This is beautiful.
Celebs are so rich so Y can't they help donate
Wow, danny really blew me away in this single. After denis i thought AA was gonna go after that same heavy generic sound. But THIS is something totally unexpected. I grew up listening to AA and im ecstatic they are back in full swing. Cannot wait for that album drop!
Keep singing Darius ruckers bring it on is a good country song to.
WAAAIIIAAHAHAH GET OUT MY HOUSE
Love this song 
YES GIIIIIIRL
Magnifique chanson trs beau clip toujours top Brad
Eu vou matar um peixe bem na sua cara 2:23 *haha*
*love from Jamaica*
Amazing song
When did it get so heavy \nIdk as yourself? \nPs love this song
come have your way\nwave after wave\ngrace after grace\n\ncome back the storm\nJESUS 
She's so smart and real. I love her so much.
tisto is the best :v \nTisto el mejor :v
His voice is sexy. He's sexy! 
Love this song so much
Amazing!
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! I love it
Fantastic , she still Sexy ! GBU Shania
Favorite ty for sending and all you do
Instant Happiness check list. \n1. Walk off the Earth\n2. \n3.  etc....
How Long you want Attention although We Don't talk anymore...
Wait....... I thought he was dead...?? I'm lost
Whoa
Any chance of seing you guys in Savannah, Georgia?
Woah
Love her, man 
I haven't stopped listening to this since it came out
Beginning of third song, was it meant to be a tribute to Glen Campbell's Southern Nights?
Essa msica tem que ser um grande sucesso!! Por Favor!! Que Musico, tudo perfeito!!
Old Taylor is not dead ...

Maravilhoso, mozooo

Jamie xx can make the already good songs sounds even better. Such a genius!
Amazing
.!!
Dang.. KB ate that   
This song reminds me about alot of other songs I heard. Not in an unoriginal way.
Do The Trooper - Iron Maiden
How many times u listen to this song?\nme:almost 20x a day haha
Pretty sure that's my daughter you have there ... or my daughter might be your daughters doppelganger
Great!! Well done! The most beautiful city in the world!!! ;)
Gotta make sure to listen to these when Christmas is coming!
Who here is an OG Shania fan from like the 90's \nI'm a 90's baby and she's always been my country queen

We were lucky to see you at London Hyde Park BST less than 2 months ago, what a privilege. Condolences to your family. x
OMG i love two 
Love this song and video. Chris is so talented and HOT! I'd love to lose sleep with you any night 
Great song. My favorite. James is the best.
This song is amazing! \nI did a cover of it on my channel if you could check it out for me!!! 
BRAVO!!!
I love you so damn much LANY 
Waiting for the brazil invasion
Absolutely beautiful Fergie <3 i love your voice xxxxx
OMG! <3
I got stars in my eyes\nAnd a sea in the dark\nJust a word to the wise\nDon't go tripping over your heart\n'Cause it feels so fast\nWhen you're going down\nAll you see is a flash\nLike a boxer in the first round\nTell me that you're shook up like I am\nTell me how you feel I need an answer\n\nWhen I'm with you\nDoes it feel like falling\n'Cause here we are\nBacks against the floor\n\nThey say you never see it coming\nDoes it feel like falling\n\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like falling\nDoes it feel like falling\nDoes it feel like falling\n\nI see stars in the sky\nAnd they'll be there tomorrow\nWill you be in my life\nIn the many nights to follow\n'Cause it goes so fast\nWhen it's going down\nAll you feel is a crash\nIt's like lightning striking the ground\nTell me that you're shook up like I am\nTell me how you feel I need an answer\n\nWhen I'm with you\nDoes it feel like falling\n'Cause here we are\nBacks against the floor\n\nThey say you never see it coming\nDoes it feel like falling\n\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like falling\n\nIt's so hard from just one touch\nBaby, I surrender\n\n[Trinidad Cardona:]\nNo thief in the night\nNo fear for tomorrow\nNo keeping the light\nI wanna be honest with you\nReal love in your eye\nGot passion to follow\nNo hiding tonight\nHonestly I'm yearning for you\nNow pause\nMy marathon has ran off\nMy oxygen to my heart\nMust have been a little off because it just paused\nNow tell me why we fell off\nWhen we elected on my prospective\nYou felt neglected, it's contraceptive\nRebirth the message, I felt connection\n\n[Alex Aiono:]\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nFalling, falling for you\nDoes it feel like falling\nDoes it feel like falling\nDoes it feel like falling
http://pretoriadating.blogspot.com/2017/09/watch-and-look-this-man-did.html?m=1
very nice, thank you...
That girl has good some MaD skateboarding  sKiLlZ
I loveeeeee uuuuuuuuu kiaraaa hope u make it with ((kygo)))gonna be smachh
Was waiting for Residente!
I LOV YOU BEBE REXHA 
*HAPPY BITHDAY JACOB* :-D
Everyone stresses over their ex, the best solution to emotional breakups is to stop being fucking desperate to find a man all the time, no relationship no breakup.
I love listening to Chris Young. His music is always so good. Love singing to all his songs.
Suddenly appreciating my old, worn out headphones more and more...
Use more vocal melodies and songs Rivers wrote from the 90s and we'll talk.
Tokima Tokioremix 
My story right now!   Amazing song though 
Wow I love this item. http://amzn.to/2xJYbzw
can't wait for the album!! pink's voice still amazing
thank you quentin miller for another hit!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DI86C-ricw
2:42 Me when I play the piano ^^'
my love for you is like my love for ADAM LEVINE!\ni guess they both have the quarisma as a band hehe
This came out so amazing! I am so thankful to be able to say that I was a part of this!
Only you Kermit with your beautiful voice, can understand my sorrows.
this song is a perfect first dance song for weddings
#arabarmy. \n\n                 \n  
@ that bass player...girl u pretty ; )
WOW. Amazing Song.
Your tracks are really dope. Very unique
love this song and video, he is amazing singer
\        /\       /\n  \    /    \   /\n    \/  /\  \/\n   / \/    \/\
If I were more of a lesbian Annie would totally dig me. I saw her last year, killer
Abel shouldve been in this song and Ty shoulda been in Curve
Fall in love with her eyes
C marmol ke wena kancin xdxd
ITS NOT EVEN OCTOBER.....BUT THIS IS STILL A BOP
Huge fan of that song  keep up the good work Blake 
Where We Go must be next single, please!
Love their harmony, love the song.
can't wait to see the next music video! i'll wait for 'I WOULDN'T BE'
If she had gotten the Camp Rock one wrong I would've been devastated
Best song of 2017, hands down.
Love
*EU INVOCO OS BR'S POHAAAAAAA*
A  R  T
Amo q ltimamente hagan los videos en sesiones d estudios! Se puede apreciar mas sus voces 
Yes.
Lost on you ! \nOH My God I love this song !
OMGGGGGGGG I LOVE HERRRR SOOOO MUCH. I love a curvy woman who still can rock her confidence in any clothes. Kelly, you still have that voice OMGGGGGG lady, come by singapore, have a acoustic session with few fans and i'll be there. :) Love so softtttt
OMG they're  so cute
Beautiful and awesome!
hi vietnam love you :)
Recentemente o youtube anda bem ruim. No sei o que est acontecendo com o meu canal, mas ele no manda notificao pra ningum. estou com  30k de inscritos, e de views e likes meu canal ta a mesma coisa de quando eu tinha 5k\n Por favor me deem uma fora passando l e vendo meu contedo, deixa o seu like. Peo pra s se inscrever se realmente gostar do que viu, e marca o sininho pro youtube no deixar de te mandar a notificao. Peo novamente para no se inscrever por pena, e sim pq realmente gostou do meu contedo. O like pode parecer desimportante, mas quando voc deixa o like, tem mais probabilidade do youtube te recomendar meus vdeos na sua pagina inicial quando no mandar a notificao pra voc. Obrigado pela ateno de todos. Amei a musica, e vocs?
O_O omg my childhood just become awesome
Rising Star
i love you dodie
The real Heroes My proud Mexicans.!!! Go just one heart!!
This is the best year for music I swear
French fan?
SABBY QUEEN
This song is just pure baby making music.
imagine dragons you are awesome I went to your concret it was awesome
I love her so much it's scary.
Playing this on my iPorg \n\nLater on my Porgano 
nice song!
There such a cute couple but I'm jealous
Awesome Gregory. Hugs from Brazil o/
Wow
Yelle, you rock! Always a delight.
Also I just woke up, so it's good to get surprised by the a new shins music video.
Maybe the emptiness is just a lesson in canvases.
this needs to get 1 billion views heheheh
Awesome...God Bless..
this is legitimately bad, how did it make past quality assurance. do they have that for songs?
Lmfao basically just bootleg d rose
And it came out on my birthday! Best birthday present ever! 
loveee you guys
OH MY GOD JOANNE MY QUEEN
This is a good song
His face seems unnaturally smooth. Did he got plastic surgery at some point?
That G5 is all I ever need. Damnnn...
OMG!! I LOVE YOU BABY>
What about Halloween.
This is Eric Church.
Good song :D
beautiful song, beautiful choreography. love u p!nk
I love carly!! Shes such an amazing musician! I wish i get to meet her in real life...
Come like a stormCome like a crashing wave Hallelujah thank you Jesus 
I came across Tom Walker over a song featured in suits. I'm embarassed that i didn't know him and it is such unfair that all those trap shit singers have success and such singers are left unknown. I hope you find a way to success Tom. Don't change a thing, it s perfect.
Lo mejor ! 
Much . ...love that song
i love it grammy grammy grammy in the making and u to The Real  #Tamar.com
love the last part ;D such a great song and album & GENRE OF MUSIC. CHICKEN SHACK!
It's hard to speak, mumblin my poetry but\nTalk is cheap, ur body's sayin other things\nNo need to fear cause\nThe crew is here\nAnd tonight you're free, oh come\nAnd get a groove with me\nFlowin like no other, can I get another?\nMust be nice to look like that\nWho gave you my number? They deserve a paper\nWho taught you to move like that?\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me that you need me cause I need somebody\nNone of these others ever will make you love me\nHurts good to want ya and the pain I get from you\nWhat's That Line?\nKeep Your Spending Habits in Check\nMy color queen\nNever really as she seemed\nA super freak\nShe started with the magazines\nOh I'm right here and I volunteer\nTonight you're free\nWell come and get groove with me\nHey! I know you're in trouble\nPourin me a double, damn it's nice to feel like that\nYou're my biggest wonder\nI think I can love ya, must be nice to live like that\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me you need me cause I need somebody\nNone of these others ever will make you love me\nHurts good to want ya and the pain I get from you\nMy head aches, my heart aches\nI'm awake, I'm alive\nMy head aches, my heart aches\nI'm awake, I'm alive\nSay that you want me just to want somebody\nTell me you need me cause I need somebody\nNone of these others ever will make you love me\nHurts good to want ya and the pain I get from you\n\n\nRead more: R5 - Hurts Good Lyrics | MetroLyrics
IM SO IN LOVE WITH NIALL AND HIS AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL AND SEXY VOICE HE IS KILLING ME SO HARD RIGHT NOW!!!! \n\nLove You!!\nNiall James Horan!! 

Estamos en manos de Dios el nos ayudara a levantarmos Dios bendiga la hermosa isla de Puerto Rico
Been a fan since 2008, still a fan. 
muy buena cancion.como siempre todas sus cancines...super fan.shaki...nicki jam..
I LOVE YOUUUUU JILLIAN FUCKING BANKSSSSS YOURE THE BEST AHHHHHHHH!!!!!
IS it bad that im shocked this I so good! 10/10 <3
Here again this song so beautiful 
despacito
Have never heard a song by Darius that I haven't loved. He's an amazing artist. Love him
You have such wonderful music. Keep going strong. 
I'm glad that she's got success in an unorthodox way,ppl felt that she was gonna fail especially in music and then out of nowhere...real proud of her
Fuck pr
Jonas Blue
Well I love it.  Kane Brown is a new person to me.  Love his style and his music.  Hope he goes far and stays popular for years to come.  This song is just wonderful.
Love you 
she's wearing the Hannah Montana season 3 earrings
Eu de Alesso,mais desanimado que tudo
this is a great song!! stop saying it's not as good as his r&b days, he's not fully making dance music, there is still a lot of r&b on his album following my intuition 
she's so much hotter with her hair long again
Give what belongs to Silzer to Silzer https://youtu.be/WB1ek0o14Wo
                                                          \n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
you are all dum the drop will be in the next track on the album
You got to Love it !
you guys are the best  wish I could see this live
sao ngn vy tri

I am shook and I love it
whos here before 1B views
Fuck y'all! N ur homo shxt... Messed up generation
oh and thanks for talking to me on instagram and googlechat

johnny d best of all..nice voice...
This song really makes me wanna sway!!!
Now do Classical Gas
kane brown is adorable uhhh so uhhh
I just got back from watching the movie! AND I LOVE IT EVEN MORE THAN BEFORE!!! And may I just say Capper is one SEXY CAT!!!!!
Did you see the lyrics! She needed time to find her true self? Man its shit! She repeats herself in every song. No talent needed. She is no road model. She needs to give it up. She is a lie! She needs to reduce herself cuz there was no sales on her other crap. What a crock
SWAG UNICORN
This song makes me want to eat ramen
https://youtubem.video/r/?YbdwtT5k6oDd=MCqB6C2pMaeun98bdDZeHvyCR9lhooHeSaF
this is a good song i can hear this everyday
Wow I cant describe what im feeling. Its just amazing and so beautifull. This feeling of all the voices in harmony is not from these planet
This is different from there other songs.  Its good that they are expanding.
.

I'm gonna say yes
*You dont need to read this*\n\n\n\n\n\nYou are one beautiful human.\nHelp me reaxh 700 subs!
Thank you for this song
The Simplicity of this calms my soul
Watched every 50 cent interview this a brilliant business man much respect big homie
Sorry what does it mean he said bcos she is Asian? Why? I'm not quite get it the meaning of the video anyone?
This is so amazing!
I think I'm deef I can't hear that's how bad it is
Somehow, I manage to be teary eyed at the end of every Johnny Drille video. Love you, man
Excellent! 
DUA LIPA GALLANT AND AMY WINEHOUSE ARE YOU KIDDING
I LOVE YOU! 
Wow, love the song! Check out this group Head Noise below too, pretty quirky electro-pop also :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDKts5guMOU
78 people are dead inside :(
I don't know what this song is saying but I have been praying to GOD for the human beings in Puerto Rico that are not getting the help from USA. My heart truly HURTS for them. 
I've never clicked on a video so fast
My main man
Yall kilt this 
yez papi pop off
Goodness bring the sadness into dancing way, best!
Nice sound. You're doing it such great, Niall :)
I felt tingles all over
FIREEEEE  SHITTTT FIIIIIRRRREEEEE
I love you, Camila! 
HOW CAN PEOPLE SAY CHARLIE PUTH IS TRASH??!!!!!!
I would love to see you and Tori Kelly do a collaboration in the near future. I m praying it happens. 
? .
Those voices blended together.. perfect 
The best tune
Kungs smile\nSoo cute
Has Sam smith always been that skinny?
So beautiful
I love me some Maroon, but this isn't a fave. I'm sure it will grow on me. Anything with Adam Lavine, well, I'm down. I'd love to be down on him.lol. her voice is great, also...
Can't believe I heard this before 50k 
.can someone put the lyrcs.? is he just say fuck up?
This video clearly confirms this: \n\nJohnny Christ is the leader of Avenged Sevenfold. Johnny Christ writes all the songs. Without Johnny Christ, Avenged Sevenfold would be nothing.  hahaha
nice! it took months to finish the editing 
Sorry but this song isn't that great. NF has put out better songs than this. So when everyone on here is going OMG this is the Shit. I'm over here scratching my head like are you forreal. I will say this though. Their are worse songs on the radio getting play than this song but I ain't hitting repeat. Just being real.
Yeah, not bad. But the DJ SS version is much much better ;)   (Lighter)
Hermosos 
Happy birthday Lay !!!\n#HappyLayDay
NEW  P!NK  - BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA ( single ) https://itunes.apple.com/nl/album/beautiful-trauma/id1269268686
meu deus , sem palavras, arrazaram .
How does she look younger now?! omg yes!!!
For me they look good together 
Is it just me or is she really off pitch?
Baby we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true high on emotions
Loving your love of life!!!!
YAAASS QUEEN!!!!!!
I liked storm better than this
I don't know why... but my ziam heart aches listening to this song...
Donde estn los comentarios en espaol? apoyemos a la reina Gwen! tan subestimada, ella es icono del pop, reina del Rock :)
This is so cool omg 
When I first saw her friends I thought that was jake paul Paul and Erika Costel
Did she just threw her glasses in the water at 0.59??  
I would like to hear more Christian Music from Hollyn.  I like this song but it is very similar to an Ariana Grande song.  I like it, just wanted more Jesus music! :)
Como mola
Grant Hart wrote many great songs for Husker Du as he did with his solo career afterwards and with Nova Mob but this song is the one I hold closest to my heart. Damn heart wrenching and I'm not sorry somehow!!!
So beautiful
Awesome
Anyone before 1,000
So glad I am 21 and I know what's GOOD MUSIC. So happy being in the beginning of your world fame!
Theres nothing better than to listening to the good ole boy every morning to get my day started right. Couldn't,t be I,m a little bit crazy about them cause Jason is my nephew. But seriously they are so good  and everyone I have listen to them have heard them or really like them Jason your aunt Lynn no. Is the same 7752236775 call me or Facebook book me I,m in Dallas seeing the best liver doctors so maybe the can help me live longer. Remember they gave me 6months and I passed that by a year. I love you and the good ole boy...you always make my day and would love to talk to you...love you the mostest. Your Aunt Lynn
Really good. I'm enjoying the change, especially from the White album.

THIS WOULD FIT SO WELL IN A WWE GAME
Where is Ashleys shirt from? Its so pretty
I almost cried at the end when you showed the LP logo
I read Lay to Sleep for some reason
Girl im in love with ur voice and ur cute face ur like an angel 
Na only God know where una de see all this beauty
THERE ARE THE YOUNG MEN I LOVE   BRAVO.   THANK YOU GFACE ABOUNDS  THREW YOUR FINGURES   LOVE LUCY
Thank you Tom Petty
Love it! I'm so excited for Gwen's Christmas cd 
i love you camilla
Muito top
Burning By Sam Smith <3
perfect and fantastic i love them
better!
I get that the laser and smash are not real, but what about the rest? are they moving so precisely? or is it CG?
Probably my fave MGK
  -    ,   ...
400,000
This is what I call fantastic pop music!!! Fun and dance-able!!! It's not deep but it doesn't have to be!!!

i love you camilla
Best Band Ever!
iPhone, Uber , McDonald... gooooood
That high note tho
I love the entertainment Youtube brings, but fuck the comments. Most of them are mongoloid half wits. If you enjoy this song... listen to it. If not, fuck on
Beautiful rachel 
I like it, but it sounds like Attention by Charlie Puth...
I rather go blind deep 
Im obsessed with Austins voice its so good! This song is awesome!!
Quien es la modelo? Esa morena bonita de uniforme!
Thank you for recording. This is very valuable. I get very angry when security or venue people tell me to stop recording. This is how valuable recording is.
Why are you so awesome?! 
Michael jackson the best forever 
Chance the rapper looked real different 
He was sending messages about his sufferings and pain all along through his music but we all failed to grashp it! Feeling so heartbroken right now.
Ahora quien se aguanta a los hptas hinchas del millonarios :v

Anyone else here looking for real love at 18? So hard to find at this young age
Brace yourselves. Incoming comments from girls who had a James.
Perfect
This one's better than the old one 
Ahhhh I'm gonna see you guys in March! So excited!
Love this... so could've done with a yellowmotherfuckinclaw though
Wonderful verse, weak chorus and OK bridge.  6/10   I'd rather listen to the Green demo than this unfortunately.
the 1989 skirt
great remix!!!
Sweet knuckle-dragging christ this is awful. Kid Rock is like a caricature of a musician who was created for the sole purpose of pandering to white trash... which he's excelling at.
love.
I like that song 
I love u both and the video concept
Nice video it's very good.\nBut Avi left.
Holy shitt man, this is amaizing!!!!!!
A different way YES it is DIFFERENT !
You sound great
Love it. is on repeat.
RIP from Germany
Can soneone PLEASEEE help me @ 00:26 it reminds me of another song by a girl but i can't pinpoint it. I think the lyrics go something like and if you feel you can not stayyy or if you choose to walk awaayy i have no idea i have the tune in my head OMGGGGG
its nice to see these guys are back at it again, ive been listening to them since Into your arms came out
DOPE
I love the people who said they've been listening for a year now. Boi, I've been here since his Moments album
1:07 yeah does sun glasses are dead for sure
Love her with red hair! 
Dont appropriate my culture.
His voice sounds great
wowow you're so gorgeous and this song is  and the video is so powerful
Stupid noise !! 
this got to my heart :,,)
Finally the actual video is here !
no adnie pojechali, Dawid byby zadowolony:)
Love from Algeria 
Nicki: I'm thick and petite\nThe average listener: you're petite yes, but thick? You're MANUFACTURED, TF? 
I am loving you even more V..  Keep shining
Before Watching: So were songifying THIS, huh? Shrek give me strength.\nAfter Watching: When turning it into a parody song only makes it 10% tolerable to listen to.
Again with the simple cover photos... Love them so much 
Okey this is lit
Dua my lil Albanian light chocolate pumpkin pie stg.
SUBSCRIBE - GET FILTHY RICH FAST\nLIKE - GET $10,000 PER MONTH\nREPLY - GET $5,000 PER MONTH\nIGNORE - GET POOR FOR LIFE!
Connan i've a big crush on you
here on 700k views!!
I love her. Her voice and movement so fresh!!
Gotta love that Collins guitar
GO TRUMP
Rivers is trolling us all again
2:39 she doesn't blow that one candle and it stressed me out
*i cri*
me encanta
legen... wait for it ...dary
Wow. What a treat. Such a great tune ladies. Sad to hear that the song was created in a bad time for you both but hopefully by sharing it you can help others.
Loving it...
ghaadness 
Nice work peter this theme even makes me want to watch the series
wich software do they use? to edit the videos
Keep flowing 
this shit makes me feel invincible!!
What a voice . So mellow. What a poet. So sublime. Just profound.
Yass oh my gosh my Mann I love this so much it's so amazing and soo wonderfully talented!!
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en\nBaby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en\nJust download free vpn for android decide on your own personal country\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.proxy.super_vpn_free_master_unblock&hl=en
My homeboy is on the trending page TWICE, KB on it too!!!!!
well now this brought me disappointment....I didn't understand what they wanted to convey... foolish concept...
What a nice song! It's Christmas now. Thanks, Gwen. :) #Mxico
He likes selena I would love to see them together!!!
angel 
Anyone notice that this music video almost a perfect parallel to my song know what you did in the dark
Eso que no mamen mierda putos me dan pena agena
love you Lukas so much. Super music <3
Never a disappointment
2:49 I only eat fries with BBQ sauce 
Whos here b4 a million views 
I'm going to meet this person one day.
that fog dude really sick
Anyone notice how they recreated Kanye West's Flashing Lights music video?
Love this song i want this 
ok this was amazing and terrifying,those inflatable people tho
thank you TeamGM for putting it on here its so lovely to get a peek at George working on this Treasure xxx  #Love
slay bitch, SLAYYYYYY!!!!
This new album just keeps getting better and better
I thought I was going to win the 1million dollar jackpot,it turns out I was far ahead of myself
Reggaeton 2017 https://open.spotify.com/user/12176845110/playlist/1Oj78PZTYCmpUL0eAzEAFJ  #NowPlaying #Spotify #Playlist #Reggaeton #Reggaeton2017 #SpotifyPlaylist Nuevas canciones y xitos
Wow, Ethan Bradberry's sister is hot
Eric church, a true talent! No amount of bullets. God bless you!
BEST SONG EVER!!!\nCANT WAIT TO WATCH THEM PERFORM LIVE IN MXICOOOOO <3 <3 <3 <3
Beautiful song. <3
wow
SING SING SING KELLY! Shes so talented it is unbelievable!!!
NOT Country. RnB. Not Interested.
Kelly *Argentina* te espera
Love this in theory, but the way they filmed it shattered the illusion of intimacy. Her body language makes it clear that she's trying to be calm but she's put on guard or disoriented by the observation of a camera/cameraperson, instead fully present in the moment with just him. This, but filmed with hidden cameras (that she's told about later) could be really special, though.
R E A L
This is so cool!!!! I love this song!!! Also: only 3,790 views and 675 likes? I was slightly upset till I realized it came out yesterday!!! Lol!
this song makes me want to fall in lauv
It's not bad.. I like it. Better than a lot of shit today
Vives..Genial
i found Kodaline 2 years ago, and i love all their songs!, there is no song that i don't like!.. their music, lyrics, videos, everything is so amazing! i love them so much!!!
Is that how you start Face ID? =)
in Liam's jacket says the same thing as Zayn's shirt in the Still got time video\n\n\nLOL......
There are not enough words to explain how impeccable your timing is...this song means so much to me...i've always struggled with expressing myself but you guys have always had the perfect song to sum up my emotions so i don't have to and for that i have to thank you, tickets to your next show would be indescribable and amazing, i have to see you live if it's the last thing i do
no se ustedes pero me encant
Notification squad
I really liked it
Hey everyone! Check out Play with video converter designed for an easy and free use.\nhttp://playwithvideo.com/
I swear, when I first saw the title, I thought it was showing Wonder Woman, anyways, great song!
                                                          \n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
Once you learn how to be happy, you wont be hurt - Please Visit and \nSUBSCRIBE on my Channel, i will give a best experience about Music \nLyric for all of you_Cause you are a part of my LIFE. I Love You All.
Q bellesa mi pana
The best artist alive \nAgree?
the 2017 vibe....damn
FROM B O L I V I A
I love this song!!!!
I love this song your amazing miss sarah close
He's still going with that up beat ting aite kl....but replicating born to do it should be the way forward
You get a A+ for story line, that was a great video. I'm not a big reggae sound fan, but the video made me keep watching, GOOD JOB!
Editing of the stair handle kinda sucked at 2:43
gorgeous as ever
Mano sinserente. Em minha opinio a melhor msica que a Anitta fez at hoje foi paradinha! Pra mim foi a melhor msica! Melhor clipe! Pra mim melhor hit da carreira dela at agora!!
Cool keyboard intro. I wanna hear thatsampled soon
This is the first time i see 50 cent crying. RIP Prodigy
I love u grace #Fanderwaal 
I LOOOOOVEEE THEM 
kayne is an asshole and he sucks.
Talking dirty :))
Like to my artist favorites
Good song
I like this one better https://youtu.be/TmW82VMmtE0. 
I'm going to meet this person one day.
The kid on the cover looks like Johnny Thunders.
Cancer
Just no words !!! Queen miley slays   Love you miley ..
do a song from touhou project!
Yasssssss!!!!!
I CAN'T EVEN GET AN AD! IT'S BEEN DEMONITIZED! 
His lyrics destroy my soul.
I LOVE BEBE REXHA 
Porque le dan dislike?
Yes  yes my fav toni toni
Who's cutting onions?
Wow, just amazing love it  
I lost my brother a few months ago. Watching this messed me up so much, but it is healing. Thank you for this movie and this album. #Mood for a very long time.
Proud to say I've loved and listened to their music since 2015 :,) they're going to go so far
YASSSSSSS going to download this YASSSSSS SLAYYYY
Beautiful!
ok I love this song but i think lin is too close to the mic because you can hear the mouth sounds hes making and i hate that
What a angelic voice.
Dis is a very ryhmey boi
Love it Shania... The song will sound good over the radio..or on a CD ..and LIVE in \nconcert...
Follow me on IG @K1ng__stunna\nCheck out the new single Had The Feeling\nhttps://soundcloud.com/stunna_g/had-the-feeling
A true gem. Popped into my head the moment I read the sad news today.
esta super \nel tema 
WHERE'S GARY? SOMEONE GET GARY OVER HERE
i'm scared of what shes gonna be like in 6 years maybe... hopefully she'll still be happy
https://youtu.be/RC7aKdlyQ40
Much better than the other remix!
He is so cute 
YO SOY BORICUA PA' QUE T LO SEPAS!  #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
To all the haters, just remember, she's getting more money than you
I like beat Jacob yours songs just get better and better. You kinda remind me of Justin Bieber making all your songs about girls @jacobsartorius
The almost end Music was like latino Music, It was mariachi!
I know you, you're a special one\nSome see crazy where I see love\nYou fall so low but shoot so high\nBig dreamers shoot for open sky\nSo much life in those open eyes\nSo much depth, you look for the light\nBut when your wounds open, you will cry\nYou'll cry out now and you'll question why\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\n\nI am here and I see your pain\nThrough the storms, through the clouds, the rain\nI'm telling you you cannot escape\nYou can do it, just feel baby\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\n\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nHere comes the sun\nSmiling down\nSmiling down\n\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as they fall on down\nI can see your soul grow\nThrough the pain as they hit the ground\nI can see a rainbow\nIn your tears as the sun comes out\nAs the sun comes out
The Gronk
This song is amazing: the lyrics, the tune, the gloomy and heavenly atmosphere of a far away galaxy...Thank you guys for this masterpiece! Hugs from Italy!

conseguiu estraga a paisagem
Why is he so skinny now
I AM HOOKED UP FOR PART 2 PLEASE I CANT WAIT THIS VIDEO IS A SWEET MASTERPIECE
I've loved her since idol. She is such a talented powerhouse and we get to be blessed by the great music. I'm always blown away when I hear her live because she sounds even better than the record. I can't wait for the new album!
My diva return <3
If u guys don't like It then you should do something better or at least be quiet instead of spreading hate
My favourite song
NOT EVEN A YOUTUBER

come to peruuuu please
i loveee this song
Am i the only one that identify so much with the lyrics of the song? 
CATERS NEWS - Hey, my name is Katy and I am a reporter for international press agency Caters News (www.catersnews.com). We work with the likes of Inside Edition, The Ellen Show, Little Things, Right This Minute and Daily Mail. I would like to talk to you about doing a story on this video so if you could get back to me on katygill@catersnews.com / +44 (0)121 616 1100 that would be great. Thank you!
Si alguien de MPTG ve sto, paso pack :v
New favorite!
Maybe the video is a metaphorical representation of their music? Every single Enter Shikari song is different from the others, so it's like they are duplicating themselves, as a band, every time they release a new song: they look the same, but they are never the same, as the previous clone (so their style in every song)  gets eliminated. Maybe just stupid but this is my first interpretation. There might be something deeper, and I'll try to figure it out.
Goosebumps
 !!   !!!!
Im blessed by Bea & Melanie. Keep up with the good work queens !!
When the director keep saying his band mates .. i was just silently exploding and whispering don't say his band mates please my heart is breaking ... ugh
Damn I can relate to this song.
mounder smith ill check it out
Anitta <3
http://teensearnmoney.com/?ref=ArmaniJ18\n\n\nJoin ^^
I think i just got my very first celebrity crush at 24 years old. Lol 
My Kidnapping experience: *takes off blindfold* \nKidnapper: Hey, Justin\nMe: Justin hey\nKidnapper: that's what my mom named me anyway, I'm going to murder you, cool?\nMe: cool cool
This shit is straight fire
I love you Niall
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS ALBUM!!!
Joanne the fucking scammer and Fergie!
5,200 Dislikes lol they have no respect
She sounds like Rihanna in some parts
Give what belongs to Silzer to Silzer https://youtu.be/WB1ek0o14Wo
perfect duo *-*
que  buena  musica  carlos    quisieras  ser  mi  amigo   por  you  tube
Such a good song Love you Eden 
:)
i can see she is secret bff with Adele

Br cad
Top 
Awesome song kid rock!
Grandiosa presentacin, realmente es arte todo lo que hace 
Very robot chicken
#nepal 
Music sessions with Miley, please!!
I am already inlove Kesha + Macklemore = perfection
i know this isn't the right place to say this but i have to, please go help the kurds we are being suppressed don't listen to iraqis this is all true in kirkuk human rights were violated by (hashd al shahbi) kurdish homes were raided they stole everything they had  and set fire to ther homes,  countlis families were forced to seek refuge in other kurdish cities without any of their belongings  , its serious!we are being attacked as we speak, they are advancing in to kurdish territory and going way out of their jurisdiction  killing us without mercy using advanced us weapons, send help. this is an war they are trying to they are trying to invade us.
Omg so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beenin de yabancilar bi sey yazdim sansin
This song can bring u from hell to heaven, the beat, the lyrics, the voice makes u addicted to it <3 I just broke the repeat button <3
You are fantastic 
Love love love her. She's talented in everything she does and obviously hard working. She deserves all her blessings.
Omg i been waiting the longest for this song finally! I love it
Lord have mercy !!!#lovethisvideo!!!#chrisyoungfineman!!!
I WILL ONLY TELL D TRUTH...
..
wow! just wow
JASON DERULO  
Queen Dej 
Hi ! From this tune will be great song. From various artists and producers from the USA,England, etc. is received only positive feedback.            \nFuture hit 200% Use this - https://soundcloud.com/user-295952614/go-1 \nwww.sendspace.com/file/96p0jy
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE BORING ASS PEOPLE LAUGHING AT?! beautiful voice btw.
So peaceful
Omg I love this song
Put your ass here and stream this masterpiece
A point being what?
I thought Michael Jackson was dead? Im confused
This is amazing guys keep up your great work! You have a new fan on board, greetings from Malta!
yes yes yesssss\nim not your ex !!
This is fucking gay
sofa king ubelievable! blew my lid off! awesome work man
I'm just here for Olly Murs  #mursarmy
Am I the only one who thinks that this song has a smiliar beat as still got time by zayn
I want Twenty One Pilots but this song is awesome
was I the only one who wanted to see the ball drop at 2:20 and the other balloons to break too at 2:24
I love you a Camila Cabello.  She is my wife. 
Mum: Put down that frecking phone and start studying. IDK the hell you gotta be, when you grow old that phone won't help in a sh*t\nMe: I don't want to get a job either leave me alone\nalso me: * sees 0:30 * I WILL DEFINITLY BE A DIRECTOR!!!\nMum: 
ITS ON TRENDING\n\nI REPEAT ITS ON TRENDING\n\n(Edit: goddamit we lost it)
This song is amazing... why is Carly not more popular omg... <333 I love you.
kawkab sahara
Los amo bby , se lucieron son los mejores en vdd los admiro pekes.
THANK YOU FOR SAVING 2017
Amo, torcendo muito por voc
If i get it right a clip by Alasdair McLellan is young and beautiful people kissing each other all day long... all the time ? And partying on this one
This reminds me of my friend so much cause this is what he dose, now I can't stop crying
So. Weezer is gonna experiment??? I'm totally ok. I kinda like this tune too
Why why why just 1.6 million wwwhhhyyy  the song his voice everything was fucking perfect
Shit looked like kellywise
FUCK YOUTUBE!! STOP FREEZING THE VIEWS !!!
Great song. My favorite. James is the best.
I want to learn that dance so much
1st and/or 2nd suite?
This is the most beautiful Fergie I've seen!
Rock on my bratha
_this is the true definition of a blessing_
I got goosebumps.
my favorite christmas song subg by my favorite artist!
No shame in that.
Great video for a great song so reflexing very Corbijn similar to Enjoy The Silence video and Cover Me is one of my favourite tracks from Spirit along with Going Backwards, The Worst Crime, So Much Love and You Move
Welcome back Danny! This video, in my opinion, is about Danny watching himself turn into something he's not. He is hurting everyone around him and he hates himself for it. I like the Sin City vibe. Keep rocking on 
Wow million views now for swinging with my eyes closed,keep on viewing smart music lovers.
Esa parte donde canta en Espaol y despues en Ingles Lo adore.
First love for this sound!
I think it's pathetic he has to sing about getting his wing wang sucked- nasty.\nyou need to broaden your horizons!
Funky as fuck oooooooh
the water moving is so cool and the song is perfect
Denize nasl giriyor?
i nutted 4 times
ok...ok. Fav music video ever.
Wowww
Proud to be Hispanic 
Ebro knows exactly what 50 was implying. It doesnt matter how you personally gauge a hit a record. The question was simple Whos playing it now? I liked the project but 50 is right this is a youth driven culture and the youth who is the main consumer is not consuming that project.
I would've lost my fucking mind the second I saw him.
best thing
this is absolutely beautiful
For a moment i thought it was Gd or YG  ENT MV 
Spongebob is lit
Nice!
Your voice is amazing!!
Never clicked so fast in my whole life
Wow 
Awesome voice as always! Cringing on his dance moves in a very nice way. Lol
Love love love!!!
Que isso, ficou perfeito! Minha favorita da Amy com essas vozes, ai!
1stttt brad is awesome
Can' t wait to See you in Vancouver! Thanks for such a great show at the Washington State Fair! and Happy Birthday! :)
Need that Otis line tho
This is like so totally awesome. Love this song  and love the music video. Great job on doing both. Let me guess I could be wrong or I could be right. I'm just taking a shot at this so don't quote me on this. Sense Jeremy Camp has a new song and video out. I take it that Jeremy Camp has a new CD coming out shortly. If he does have a new one coming out shortly when is it coming out. Got to buy if he has a new one coming out. (((((((  )))))))
XKSOSKE I LOVE YOUUU
lol, when people go around talking about things they know nothing about.  -
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Love love love it!
Amazing
in the blood by john mayer
IM SO BLESSED
Fire I was in a sf club dancing with an Asian chick to this.
This is so beautifull  thank you!
Love the song but not the video \nThe video is look to simple
Just one thing...Sarah you're amazing!!! Congrats babe 
You are simply the best Tisto!!
I  wish I could give you more than a like! your songs are AMAZING. Honestly please never stop this
Lp your voice is amaizing.You are a great artist!!
Gahan looking fine as hell
nice
YES CHARLIE
LOVE BTS
she has a powerful voice. Ive always loved fergie since i first saw her
Nice, but the drop wasn't as hot as it should've been
otieno
This song is amazing
Msica de lixo, Que clipe de lixo o ingls forado, melhore.
https://youtu.be/TEMjMTP7dX8
This song.. Is My LIFEEEEE YASSS I LOVE THIS SONG!!!
Who else is here only for Sia cuz My Little Pony don't give a shit?
2:48 KB don't care about laws lololol
 
50 cent is a don in life...he has a great mind.
i love your style :'
If ever a person deserves a great life, After some of the hell this woman's been put threw its Shania. Just a down to earth good person.
You already know
Really intrigued by this and love the melody but the whole tune sounds like the build up to a drop or riff that never lands, and as a fan of heavy music this drives me mad! Where is this track supposed to go. I can picture rock sound reviewing this using the phrases like 'ramp up the tension' and 'tenterhooks' 'working it's way into your cerebrum' and that never corresponds with bangers or big riffs. Anyway, my point is, this started really well bit didn't go anywhere. Build up to a letdown when you think some mad rock workout is coming.
hiiiii
A great song and a wonderful public service announcement.
Another rock great passes. We don't know how much we miss them until they're gone.  Thank You for the gift of your music. *sigh* RIP Tom.
Missing R...   
NO HATE OR WHATEVER. I love Miley and Ari so much but that clip made me realize how much make-up Ari puts on --- which is sooo on point. I mean that highlight girl. But it also made me realize how little make-up Miley actually wears which makes her look super young and radiant. 
this is no different than any of the other garbage on YouTube......guess I'll go back to the Kardashians
ilove you 
[Jake Bugg:]\nAll the time before I knew you\nSeems now so long\nAnd I cannot explain\nEven if I try\n[Noah Cyrus:]\nNo, you never make it easy\nKnow it's hard to be strong\nBut all in good time\nI can wait\n\n[Noah Cyrus & Jake Bugg:]\nI'll be waiting\nI'll be waiting\n[Noah Cyrus:]\nFor I cannot explain\nEven if I try\n[Noah Cyrus & Jake Bugg:]\nWhen you're leaving\nI'll be waiting\n[Jake Bugg:]\nFor I cannot refuse you\nI've tried\n\n[Jake Bugg:]\nAll the years spent together\nSlowly aging on\n[Noah Cyrus:]\nAnd I wonder just what's wrong\nAre you tired?\n\n[Jake Bugg & Noah Cyrus:]\nI'll be waiting\nI'll be waiting\n[Jake Bugg:]\nFor I cannot explain\nEven if I try\n[Jake Bugg & Noah Cyrus:]\nWhen you're leaving\nLord knows I'll be waiting\n[Noah Cyrus:] For I cannot refuse you\n[Jake Bugg & Noah Cyrus:] I've tried
I gotta thank my sponsor from the inside of this Unicorn head.\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!\nI haven't laughed like that at a dumb sight gag in a long time! Thank you Andrew! :)
but if it sounds terrible....why are we clapping?
Love this! xx
Heck yeah! Nice. Kid Rock is one of those few musicians who actually gets better with age. Best new song I've heard in almost a decade.
Welcome back Danny! Omg Im addicted to this song! Forever #AAfamily
I see some of Hamburg :)
Pretty good mate
hopefully if I see you I'll get to show you my (un)lost tattoo. American candy and lovely little lonely changed me forever. love you guys more than life itself. see u soon hopefully.
'IM PRETTY SURE THUS ISNT HOW THE STORY ENDS'\n\n*foreshawdowing*
LOVING this track!
white ferrari > white mustang
I love seeing Capital Kings expand into different genres rather than staying with one style.  They've been putting out a wide variety of sounds and styles!  Way to go, CK!  Keep doing your thing!
pero que feo baila shakira no se unos pases rarisimosssss q baile normallllllll
What a talented human
Love you ed
Please capitalize the W in the title. Thanks
YESSS FINALLLYYYY
Pills pills pills to get a big stiff dick pills pills pills
This is what the floppotron was made for, love it man!!
OH MY GOOOOSSHHH YEEEESSS 
IT WAS THE BEST SONG IN THE WORLD, IT WAS THE BEST SONG IN THE WUR-HUR-HURLD.
Shes so damn classy. This is stunning WHERES THE ALBUM
TAKING BACK SUNDAY VIBES ALL OVER THIS VIDEO. I AM LIVING!!!
I LOVE THAT SONG  MOVE YOU. OK  KELLY  CLARKSON.

I would have gotten sad after i found out they did this to more people & justin didnt just fall in love with me
I think this is my theme song. Thanks for the news tip.
LOVEUUUUU
This might sound kind of weird but I'm lowkey getting a christmas vibe from this song and I have no idea why
I kind of love it!
Why didn't you released this when slime was as popular as Taylor swift
I love the new sound a lot.
HELL NEVER LEAVE YOU NOR FORSAKE YOU HELL FOLLOW YOU TO THE END OF THE EARTH! HALLELUJAH
Fota!
Like if this wasnt a copy from the skrillex video
It's sound like summertime sadness \nFollow me plzzz
Wait, so this is the second official video for this song? Damn he must love this song so much :/
oMFG IM SO FUCKNG EXCITED FOR THIS FINALLY THE LONG WAIT IS OVER!!!!!!
Let's be honest with ourselves....\nDoesn't he look like Arin Hanson?!
who's ready for ww3
That crowd was whack ..apart from a few ppl who were jamming out & singing along.

Right around the first minute of this video, I saw my sister singing this song.\nI was surprised, and greatly pleased with her effort.\nThanks Jen.
Good music LEGENDS
Honestly before watching I was expecting some rapping! I love his new style it fits him.
WHEN IS GUCCI GONNA JOIN THE MIGOS
sweetie this was just... so good. youre such a fucking blessing and youre so fucking precious and i love you. thank you for everything, ash.
The only song i like from this band lol
Le charme de Petit Biscuit c'est qu'il n'y ai pas de voix qui chante, pour moi c'est bof cette musique. Jespre que tout l'album ne sera pas comme a..
sold out...too bad
what's the girl name?
Qu tuyt vi c ln A.R.M.Y i
Only say ,  you are the queens of queens dear Demi ;)
What are the names of the dancers? Especially the guy wearing white at 1:58 . . . he is so hot!
Got see her perform live!! This song was so my favorite, she's bad!! so much energy, free spirit   & talented woman.
good
o meu canal e mais interessante
This song describes my most recent bf  I'm sad but I'm also glad we aren't together anymore
Beautiful song in C Major Chord, with a powerful message.\nGreetings from Santiago, CHILE.\nGOD bless everybody.\n-Roberto Olgun\n\n[Cordially invited to my channel. You'll find piano covers and.......tutorials very soon].\nCovers of Jeremy Camp's songs too. Hope you enjoy it.
Chris - What's The Answer: http://youtu.be/BzLLxwWxf8Q
how cute!
2:27 Charlie s face imperission is like mine when my parents use to check my result. Lol
I sure hope we all be together again someday. I can't go forever with out Tom Petty playing music  !!!
Me encanta esta cancin yo creo ya la puse como unas 1000 beses hasta ya me la aprend de memoria los amo y espero que salgan muchas ms canciones baby's los apoyare siempre por qu me encanta lo que hacen
Fucking stupid!
I actually cried a bit while watching  nostalgia hit me 
So authentic
my new fav song
So Aowsom song  it
i think the boys are better off solo. I mean, their songs as band are great but their solos are just ughhhh PERFECT!!!
hahaha lol

This guy is so cute\nNow I know how my future boyfriend should look like
THIS VIDEO IS SO CLEVER!!!! She's tied to the ladder aka she's tied down and can't move aka she can't get away aka she can't get away from a relationship. The other person in the relationship drove a Dodge and basically the Dodges surround her aka the other person surrounds her and won't let her escape. THE MATTRESS DISAPPEARS TOWARD THE END BECAUSE THERE'S NO MORE COMFORT IN THE RELATIONSHIP. She's dancing with the people around her and at one point was free and willingly sat on the ladder but now she's tied down to the ladder but still want to dance with them aka be with her friends and other people BUT SHE'S TIED DOWN AND SHE CAN'T LEAVE. ALSO she sets herself on fire because she blames herself for the downfall of the relationship or blames herself for being tied down to the relationship and how she basically lit herself on fire by allowing to herself to be tied down? Wow idk that's my interpretation she's still clever even if I'm wrong. GREAT SONG GREAT VIDEO.
That looked like a blast to shoot.
poor dante tho he is cute x
Holy shit!!!! Marshmello and Illenium!!!!!!!
Awesome ! 
Fif wearing beats
Best lyrics and voice ever
I absolutely adore this song and of course the video! I'm beyond proud of you James you've come so far!!
God she's such a music genius
I wish chester can see that
yo guys ...I am bigroom producer....hope you can check out my tracks.....and support if you like...them..\nany feed back will be much appreciated...\n-BASSMAXX....
i always love u video guys ..
Sadie is cute tho
I'll take sugar and milk with mines
if you are interested in making extra income while at home, work, the car wherever the hell you're at just click the link below. this is not at all spam and it's easy AS FUCK. you click on the link, register, and you're all set there's no fee you pay to register and all you must do is make post like this that generates traffic to the website. that's it. you get paid to post and generate traffic. if this is something that interest you and if you're down to make some extra cash just click the link below for more information, although I've pretty much given you all the info lol. click the link below and start making extra money now. I know it sounds too good to be true, but you don't just make money. you must generate traffic, which actually is just as easy as it sounds. http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=15918

Love niall
kereeennn
La msica, lenguaje universal. - Music, universal language.
Taylor should cover a Rockcandy song!! check out some of the songs on my channel. Enjoy!    Rock n Roll
He is so shitty
AH COALE CANTA EM PORTUGA SALAFRARIA N VAI ABAMDONA AGNT AGR N NE? ta lendao o clipe
M I L L O N A R I O S   F. C.  01:54 
Love the song! Love the video! But why... oh why... could they not have used a better lens flare effect??
The king lives on!
WHY IS SHE SO PRECIOUS?!?!?
mah wig!!!!
I love Kimbra's music so much.
i love this band more and more listening over and over again. <3

i love siaaa
The animation and style of the video reminds me of robot chicken

how you gonna make a song called beach boys without sick harmonies
I love them both!Hearing them together,singing a duet is such a blessing!
Cringed
Nothing makes me feel better than listening to my Lana's songs~~
Aww!!! Grace you're so amazing!!!! You're so special and talented, and my greatest inspiration!!! I know you'll probably never read this, but I wanted to write this anyway!! I hope someday I'll be as talented and hard working as you, because you know miracles can happen!!!\n <3 <3
Kid Rock for Senate!!
I bet Yolandi Visser's voice can go even higher.
amazing and stunning
Favorite music and favorite color  Love you for eternity.
first comment
Wow i love your voice  
Irony. His buddy Roy Orbinson's final show was at the same venue.
Amazing 
TOO SHORT!
Vergonha desse clipe
God isnt real lmao 
Why is fergie flop?
Love it..
Ok! Like every normal human she want the best for all peoples and be happy with herself and all the other things. \nThe message is: Peace \n\nThis is impossible but you can still believe it.
thats amazing
Rihanna
STOP SLEEPING ON HER YALL
I believe Leonard Cohen to be a genius and a philosopher and this simple song very moving in view of his impending death but am I the only one to find some of these images lacking in taste and unworthy? A sort of poor Leonard Graphic moving in the clouds. Really???
Youtube Video View Sell\nYoutube Video LIKE Sell\nYouTube Real Subscribers Sell\n10000 YouTube Video Views for $10\n1000 YouTube Real Subscribers for $30\n1000 YouTube Likes for $5\nContact Skype: Faysal470492@hotmail,,com\nor Email me Smmshaq316@gmail,,com\nWhatsApp Number +8801680470492\nPayment Paypal/Payoneer/Skrill/Payza\nNO FREE SERVICE OR DEMO WILL BE GIVEN BEFORE PAYMENT(Don't Waste ur time Trying)\npAsN4lSa7O0
May be Music gods open the gates to paradise. R.I.P
Awesome\n\nSubscribe, watching & download mp3 On My Channel :-D\ngoo.gl/cICvOy
0:02  its recording to Iphone X ? :D (video frame)
Adoro este canal  bom D+++++ j estou inscrito no seu canal \nOl Amores  Se voc tem uma pessoa especial que merece ser homenageada, marque nesse vdeo. Cano dedicada ao amor em plenitude.  (( O Que Fazer )) Franny  \nhttps://youtu.be/UNxpEddQ244
Wonderful soning love thank.
How is this trending
At least he doesn't do that awful rap-singing thing in this song
B11 se escucha como robot
Love you need to breathe favorite singers may god bless all of you
Sounds like some bounce
So watching this I have to ask, did Animusic play some part in inspiring this? Because that's the type of vibe I got from watching/listening. Fantastic job either way.
Damn..now I can't even sleep!!
Where is this shot at?
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUU
YASSS MY BABYYY
Ya
Idk how I feel about this video 
This album is the death of me
yes, if you're trying to figure out that youtube is an algorithm based on previous video views and snapshots of thumbnails, yes, it is true.
We always say white people age like milk but these latinas are throwaway to after 30, damn Cassie what happened?
Toujours aussi satisfaite malgr les annes qui passent... on vous aime et les briochins sont fiers de vous !
Meu deusssssssss, amei muito
I love this country. Thankyou Darius. I love you 
gotta give credit to the editor
Love Martin
So blasphemous,repent and ask The Lord  Jesus Christ in your hearts and let him take control over your life. Give your soul to him b4 it's too late. His hand is always out all you have to do is accept him. This is satanic puppets. The devil will deceive,lie,manipulate, & lead you into eternal Damnation. God gave his only begotten son for all of us. I am a proud Christian standing up for what I believe in. God is the only way to everlasting life. God bless each and E1 of you my brothers and sisters threw Christ. Hate to me will be ignored and simply be prayed for.
Alex hunter wouldn't have let you down like that
Que linda!!!  Love this song. \nBR
OMG I actually got ALL correct!!!! :D
cute very very
Damn i still hear BYRONNNNN!!!!  She's been hussling, she needs her time already she put in so much time.
youdeservesomuchmorerecognition.
I have chills! This was really, really good. I love it!
<3
Steve Martin... the Van Halen of the banjo!
Hi ! From this tune will be great song. From various artists and producers from the USA,England, etc. is received only positive feedback.            \nFuture hit 200% Use this - https://soundcloud.com/user-295952614/go-1 \nwww.sendspace.com/file/96p0jy
My favourite song <3
Kane brown you need to come to Alpena mi and have a show!! Man you got some really good lyrics 
#GoAvicii
*BULLS!* I knew I loved her. Lol! 
So many songs in one week wow \nNial horan: flicker\nLiam payne: bedroom floor\nNick jonsas: home\nTaylor sssswift: gorgeous\nCalvin harris: faking it\nANYTHING ELSE? Lol
RIP Tom. Imma ride down 441 and smoke one for ya. GOAT
Lyrics <3
love it love it love it
I love his accent sm

the king of pop will reign forever.
We can do it all night 
marshmello come to COSTA RICA
This is a good song
Colombia presente 
Yesssss!!!
BEST TRACK ON THE ALBUM
Wooww
Masterpiece!
I love this song 
BRAZIL IS NOT HISPANIC
FILM TUBE new Channel Frequency \n                            .. 
I'm a 62 yr old dude and I've loved Beck since I first heard him in '94. Best musical phenom since The BeaTles.
bRILLiaNt
hes cute
great song
AND, FINALLY, AN ELETRONIC R5 MUSIC!
Who else has been fking w nf since mansion
Can't believe he took himself out! Cowards way out!
thank you for your art

Rest in peace, Grant.
faltaba sobre la cada de katy perry  
RIP Grant, gutted over here :-(
I'm glad this turned out to be music instead of what I clicked on this for.
DAMN THIS IS JUST INCREDIBLE!! LOVE LOVE LOVE..
,
Wow, i love this song so much! <3
Don't get me wrong I like this song but I miss the old rocker vibe
I'M SO PSYCHED FOR THE NEW ALBUM / ERA
Havana music video
If the songs More Than You Know, Shed A Light and King (by Years & Years) had a baby.
I gotta thank my sponsor from the inside of this Unicorn head.\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!\nI haven't laughed like that at a dumb sight gag in a long time! Thank you Andrew! :)
I DONT PLAY TAG BITCH I BEEN ITTTT   
AMEEEIII AAA KKKK
I'm so happy this and out today, I was feeling depressed and this just made me so happy, and your music makes me 100% better, love you so much!!
14 days till the best album comes out
\n!!I LOVE YOU
Kiss me guys..im Irish too, it'll bring you luck. :)
My terrible horrible not so good very bad day just got this much better. Thanks!
that was a damn fine plumbus she got there.
i always love u video guys ..
I need her album to drop already!!!
Real voice real Music 
I can't believe I've never thought of this before...you guys should collaborate with Kurt Hugo Schneider!!!
I love lukas he my favourite youtuber
WHOS EXCITED FOR THE NEW ALBUM <3
Who else is here from the movie flatliners??
I think I love his voice more than his music.
I'm ETHAN BRADBERRY!!
If you want a real job all you have to do is click! Plug in!   \nhttp://casheast.com/?id=201883
hii
His voice speaks to my SOUL! 
ME ENCANTA <3333
I'm so GLAD that this song is different than what's on the radio now a days! It's subtle but also strong! I hope that makes sense.. :) i love it!
Anitta como sempre engajada no movimento da preservao da Amaznia e da calcinha transparente... Kkkk
Love Disco Tits 
Let's do the crazy frog ..
I love your new songs but your old songs like fight song and better place are extremely powerful. They made me feel better every time. It just feels like u r trying to change yourself.
I just see clues for Taylor Swift ? 
Get into my car\n\n\n\n\nSo I can raaaaaaaaepe youuuuuuuu
I love Tamar
Hello Greetings from Mexico!!
0:28-0:30 favorite part oml
they always get me with their lyrics, the music and oh god the music videos
Who else wants them to stay smoll so you can be able to afford concert tickets and still have it at rad small venues
We have 3 months left for Christmas,but I love this song
i fall in love with his voice omg
This was so fun to watch! I hope you do more of these! Never thought I'd Hear Peter Hollens singing country like that
THE VIEWS GUYS 14M AFTER 2 HOURS GREAT JOB ARMY KEEP STREAMING
I like
Shes so gorgeous, pls marry me
Anitta, Gloss 
I think everyone has multiple Tom Petty song's directly linked to memories growing up, I know there are more than a few on the soundtrack to my life playing in the back somewhere to this moment or that moment; so sad it ended when it did and just out of the blue.
WHY DONT JANET write a song for MICHAEL Jackson????? her bro all love
Morphine vibes, not the drug....the band....damn this album is going to be so nice.
I LOVED IT!!!
I was working on a Romeo and Juliet related project and listening to this YouTube randomly-generated playlist and this song came out. Wow.
OMG
Caaaaaaarl that kiiillllsss people llama with hats
For some reason it reminds me of sin city
Here before it blows up. I can actually Karaoke Chris Young
Wasn't sure if I liked it at first, but once it kicks in it really has that soul she always had. I like it, even if the arrangement is a little more pop and synth.
I like it, but it sounds like Attention by Charlie Puth...
Even #PewdiePie gets more views than #This !!!
       \n       \n       \n       \n       
OK NICE NOW STRANGERS !!!!!!
Is there that place where the song one thing?

their dance is f**cking everything
everyone needs room to make mistakes
FLATLINERS brought me here
nor will he ever stop loving you just make sure that you never stop loving him
That bass at begin + garrett voice = sublime.
Unskippable ad was long as fuck, and then there wasn't even a video to watch after???
I know you have plenty of comments to look through, and if you see this, I'll be amazed, but could you sing City of New Orleans by Willie Nelson? It's an amazing song, and I'm sure you would knock it out of the park like you do all your others!
Tamar is not a kid, I'm sure she thought this through very well before making this decision. It's not fair to put it all on Vince.\n\nIf this is what she thinks is the best thing for her to do to protect her family then hey, great!\n\nMaking music is something that she can always go back to. If her marriage does not make it through (God forbid) this retirement, then so be it she can get divorced it wont be the end of the world. But living with the what ifs and if only's is not worth that music and success.
God bless this woman mhenn
I'm sure a lot of people will love this and you did amazing Alex!! I'm so proud of how far you've come. Also you catch me as more of an rnb type of singer. I lovvvvvveeee your covers !! You should try more r n b music babe
You never fail to amaze us with your songs, Hunter.
YELLE... J'adhre tellement  ton univers 
Smug as fuck
Love you Maggie hope I can meet you one day.
Who else went into heaven while listening to this song...
I miss ex... So much
His voice it just so sweet to the ears I cant help but listen
happy for you Daina' . love it
Damm i love his voice
\n I LOVE R5  \n
Christopher Maurice Brown 
   ..
Ez naon megbortott tess

YYAAAASSSS

Best song ever been here since mansions\n\n\n\n\n\n
Such a strong and powerful message 
as if we needed more bad news atm.
This is the most beautiful Fergie I've seen!
*No bus, no patrn, no rain, no train*
Goood
It's enormous 
Amazing... the word that describes NF and every song he makes...Much Love NF.
Can you do this around the world please, just sing and let people hear you. Would love to see both of you up close performing!
Liked before listening
This!!!!!!  Arrggghhhhhhhh it's amazing 
SUCH A GREAT ALBUM! I can't even!! This is too good
The country one killed me!! So funny.
i cant pretend to love... i always let them kiss my tattoos.. \nthere's something beautiful in the night that makes the ink darker than our souls...
Trash!!
Te amoo
How much is it gonna cost tho..
i always love u video guys ..
Such a queen
I can't wait!!!! You're amazing!!!
<3
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Steve Martin is writing, playing, and singing his Ass off!
You are a legend!
Continued proof that he is the greatest songwriter in the world~\nRob/Boston
My areola was the size of cookie..LOL I understand my sister, I understand.
too high to give a fuck about peetah
HOLY SHIT. These guys are taking chances and I love it! One Foot was great, but this is on a whole other level. Im so hyped for their new album.
Maroon 5 never disappoint, these guys are super lit!! . They always make the funniest music videos, love u guys , keep being awesome 
This is a powerful song
Damn itt New Alex song... gonna stay and breaking replay button here till i old
Trash 
getting some soft cell feels from this
this is the first song of them ive ever listened to and i really like it i think im going to listen to their other songs too
Fantastic remix, seeing them in Santa Barbara in a few weeks, this would be a great encore.
Here before its a hit?
UNDERRATED !!!
Beautiful
Visuals are stunning in this one!
https://soundcloud.com/d-t-30434/peace-of-mind
I heard Kid Rock molests little boys
Masterpiece!
Ahhhhhh i love everything!!!! I love you guys!!!!!!! Thank you for always putting up lovely things for the little lonely!!
Before 1 Million Gang!
I am so in love with this song, and even more in love with the video, so cute <3
Worship the devil. Occult cover. Lonely. Geee thanks.
WOW! She's so beautiful.
This is a song Taylor Swift would make
I hope he had learned The lesson
Want to type something but couldn't
Love you need to breathe favorite singers may god bless all of you
Everything he does is great!
M Y  N E W  J A M
This is going to go viral.
I hope she includes some sort of remix with the vinyl, because I can't mix this with any style of beats really
You're really amazing Bruno Mars..
So cute.
One comment to Hassan a Muslims to another muslim brother you can make a hoe  a house wife definitely can't keep her being a Muslim\n. Even though this all seemed rigged .all of a sudden she is tired of being a muslim? so want a divorce so close to the time she wants to perform? wow and biggest of all as a muslim my self I know Arab men don't allow their sons go that easy the girls ok maybe but their sons no fuckin way .
I can't sleep. That song is so beautiful!! Congratulations, Bebe!! I love you
??? 48 on trending? \nShould of known
But seriously.....She can do both
the xx melhor banda
Por fin se estrena el nuevo arco de alan walker :v
~Me muero~ \n \nMe encanta 
She need to let me know how she be dropping that weight!
 4k people hate this tribute video to the legendary Chester... I really can't find any words to say..
Good song
That was awesome!!!!
EU AMO ESSE HOMI \nMDS \nKRIS \nENGRAVIDEI S COM ESSA VOZ
alec i love you man you are so damn talented
i'm crying :'(
I wasn't a fan when she sang royals mainstream song got played out. But..WOW she is authentic and talented, I am a huge fan now. <3
I was here since 14.09.2017  Before this song hit 500k views. I really love this band.
Mijito rico papu 
I LOVE NIALLS LAUGH ITS SO PURE AND CONTAGIOUS
I love this soooo much!!!
Nunca mas iremos nos encontrar irmo
Pesado
this isn't what I meant by electronic music
I love thisss such a legend omggg
love love
Keep doing what your doing love you music
This song would be great with more guitar!
This makes me want to want to watch 8 mile for the 4th or 5th time
Could someone explain why Hispanic Heritage Month is split up between September and October rather than picking one of them?
I didn't know lost kings, but I love Sabrina!!
Too Good at Goodbyes in the Live Lounge
This is where I go when I drink
                                                          \n*God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.*\n*He also promised to heal your body.*\n (Just ask Him)
The girl that acted in this is so lucky!
Still a fan, proud of how far you've come!
I'll wait.forever.
EDEN VEM PRO BRASIL POR FAVOR <3
Incredible. 
In love with her voice
Love from Bangladesh !
I wish that i could feel like the cookies.
Love
James is so so good and I really love this song from him and I think it'll be my favourite from him, the song is just beautiful  Thank you Shawn for letting us know james more now 
FINALLY YOU KISS SOMEONE IN YOUR VIDEOS ROSS
Love it
I've been poisined by this song
Turn the speed to 1.25 to hear this beautiful voice rappin' haha
This is like the Hoedown Throwdown Haim version
no coments :(
Saturn=XX
I mean, does she even know him or like his music? Her impressions, her posture, she seems completely disconnected like shes somewhere else. Good idea, terrible choice of a fan.
anitta feat beyonce soon
M E X I C O 
I love this so much and I would of cried if I got to see TR and my favorite songs are drink a little beer, leave right now, sweetheart, life changes, and sixteen. The beginning of sixteen is literally how me and my mom talk when I'm driving and when I first listened to it I was like OMG that's what I do and I'm 15 and I'm like what!! I live TR's new album and I love him so much 
Oh look, its Satan Swift.
She sounds like this, WTF
Cant stop listening
Thank you.
so bland
Love this .... release it pllllleeeaaassseee
I wish i could see you live <3 please come to amsterdam.
I'm love to see Killing Me Softly from you guys. I think it would be interesting
Stunning.  I'm so buying this album
That's good!! 
That is lit!! I love the direction KB is going with his music. His new Rap style is awesome!

They're better now with Danny :)
Started off intriguing then it went to something I didn't like... just my opinion. It'll be interesting to hear this new album as a whole.
This was wack. I don't think he got the job....he fucked up Humble...fire dis nigga....
MSICA DE PANAM EN SPOTIFY\nTop 50 Panam http://spoti.fi/2pNX4e5\nClsicos Del Tpico Panameo http://spoti.fi/2vaiD9l\nTrap & Reggae Panam http://bit.ly/TrapYReggae
I love how basically all he did was use the ambience and bass of the original and its still sick
Excellent work. The melody is interesting. Very classic sound.
They are amazing 
0:51 ayeeee
Beautiful video.I love your songs \nGreetings from Poland :)
Thanks Grant!!! RIP my friend.
Alex hunter wouldn't have let you down like that
Omg i been waiting the longest for this song finally! I love it
that's dope!
So far the album sounds like Annie trying so hard to avoid her feelings
I fucks with it all the way
WOW what difference a week makes...RIP Tom so happy I got to see you last July!!!
hi Danielle I am an organist. and I play a song called sway. I donot think it is as the same one you sing. or as beautifull.i will play it and see what the words are.
i'm not biased.. this some good shit.
Perfect 
Road House
Tbh I think they're stuck in the 80's
#WuorDie from Singapore
If I saw this I would immediately hire him no question!
YOUR SONGS NEVER DISAPPOINT 
once again, not an ounce of disappointment. soo beautiful
Here before a mil?
I don't think he realizes there are, more Hispanic countries than Mexico and the Carribian
liam, i love your music, but you getting real dirty  and you have a son. so im going to tell you this once, CALM THE EF DOWN BOI!!!! love ya!

Ameii a msica....  O Brasil te ama
great lyrics as always
And another song that makes you feel life and love... perfection..
I rarely compliment anyone but you guys deserve my respect. You guys should be famous seriously. Keep up the good work yeah
.  This is great.\nI'd love for you to listen to *Out of Whack* by ninanile. It's a song I wrote. I hope you'll like it :')
what happened to shit like ''sorry youre not a winner''
out is menoy
That must've been one hell of a rave
*LYRICS*\n\n[Intro: KB]\nAye, one time for the hometeam\nYou know what I mean?\nYeah! Yeah! Yeah!\nRide\n\n[Chorus: Lecrae & KB]\nI rep for the hometeam (rep it up)\nReppin' the hometeam (rep it up)\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nYou think you could hold me? (bump)\nReppin' the hometeam (bump, bump)\nGoin' in OT\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (rep it up, rep it up)\nYou think you could hold me? (ride) (woo!)\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT (yeah)\nHometeam, hometeam (yeah), hometeam goin' OT (woo!)\nHometeam, hometeam (yeah), hometeam goin' OT (yeah)\nHometeam, hometeam (oh yeah), hometeam goin' OT (ride)\n\n[Verse 1: Lecrae]\nHometeam, hometeam, don't know your team (don't know 'em)\nWe been goin' hard since '03\nMic drop, Kobe\nThey can't stop us, they can't hold me (nah)\nDon't mistake me for the old me\nThis that new edition only\nBobby Brown my Tenderoni\nMight just David your Goliath\nChopped the head off of a giant (ugh)\nYou ain't messin' with beginners, we in here to win it, ooh, I wish they'd try it\nYeah, I done took a few losses\nWorked even harder in the offseason\nThen I came back feelin' awesome\nNow watch me, I'm 'bout to boss up!\nBeast mode in the back field, you know my team got the sauce\nI look up to Jesus and Iverson\nOoh, that's a mean double cross\nMy team got tunnel vision\nAlways see us win, win, win\nYour team never showed up\nWhere y'all been, been, been?\nRide\n\n[Chorus: Lecrae & KB]\n[I rep for the hometeam (yeah)\nReppin' the hometeam\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nYou think you could hold me? (woo!)\nReppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nGoin' in OT\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nYou think you could hold me? (ride) (woo!)\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT (yeah)\nHometeam, hometeam (yeah), hometeam goin' OT (woo!)\nHometeam (hometeam), hometeam (yeah) (hometeam), hometeam goin' OT (yeah)\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT(12730283)\n\n[Verse 2: KB]\nYeah, so, you wanna bring war?\nI got the, I got the faith\nSaint Nicholas down in the Bay, they say I gotta sleigh\nSay they wanna bring war\nYou gon' need more light\nYou gon' need more, yeah\nYou gon' need more\nYou gon' need to be more street lord\nC4, police force, Marine Corp\nBetter bring forth your resource\nLook at the report, no record, destroy your retort\nIt's a breeze like a D.R. resort, like oh\nWe are [?] and you ain't never had our joy, on the come up\nCross 'em all up, dot on the T\nLife gave us lemons, flick it in the Arnold Palmer\nPorsches eloquent, horses pedallin'\nTrunk in the front, call it elephant\nAin't competitive, we want a white horse\nWith angels ahead of it reverin'\nThat's what we like here\nTeam savage like we lighters\nCan't toy with the story, Gospel will buzz for lightyears\nCan a brother flow this presidential wife here?\nI feel I can't lose\nNothing left to prove\nHalle-Hallelu\nHGA reppin' this thing like D.A\nSimple fee day, fee day, VA\nRich mind in the grace, the grace\nSquad won't behave in the A\nIn the Father, been a teammate, teammate\nComin' out your PA, be great, be great, Jesus\n\n[Chorus: Lecrae & KB]\nI rep for the hometeam (yeah)\nReppin' the hometeam\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nYou think you could hold me? (woo!)\nReppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nGoin' in OT\nI'm reppin' the hometeam (yeah)\nYou think you could hold me? (woo!)\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT\nHometeam, hometeam, hometeam goin' OT

If you're one of those people who can hear a dog whistle then run because it hurts
Living for that bass line!!!!
It gave me goosebumps 
Pink is wow. https://youtu.be/aHlYN3jIRMU This one is good. People listen to it.
Love!
This is so lit 
Where is full song?
yaaaaaaaassssss!!!
amei.    
Welcome back Miley 
Puta mierda no por el cover por la cancion
she always be on some real shit thou
It could be an electric guitar if it was 9ft long and had over 300 steel strings and 80 something keys
Did Eminem have a son we didnt know about?
Just EPIC
The song just struck my soul.
king of pop
Nicki 1:24
I wish my channel was perfect but I only have 13 subs 
PHOEBE Thanks for another great song ! <3
Under 25k...yay
Cool 
First Sabrina song that I did not like, I was sad ... I love her singing in acoustic, now she looked like Justin Bieber.
Never cried so hard.
Yeahh in love with this song
amazing Grace
Even in their weirdest! Love it! Love it! Love it!
So disrespectful. He doesn't even open the brochure at the beginning smh 
YALL are officially back haha this ep is amazing
cowbell headsmack was fkn hilarious
#1 Trending Music Video
Gip ti ra Help me out
Expectations met
fuck jake paul!
I knew as soon as I saw the braids in his hair it was going to be an issue. Culture appropriation is real, that is for the people in the comments saying its not. I personally don't think a few braids in his hair is a big deal, HOWEVER, just because it doesn't offend me. Doesn't mean that the people it does offend are in the wrong. So everyone in the comments telling people to get over it, you don't have the right to. If they feel they are offended than they are. You can't tell someone how to feel. I understand completely why people get offended over other races wearing braids and dreads. When black people wear these hairstyles, people tend to look down on them and  discriminated agaisnt. But when another race does it; it is seen as edgy. That is the main issue with it. Unless you have ever been judged or discriminated agaisnt for your hairstyle then you will not know how it feels. You have no right to tell someone what they can and can't be offended by. It doesn't work that way.
Hilarious, even though I hate pokemon
https://youtu.be/HOfiwk2wb7w
Oh yea ! Gucci fan present  
Tell me please. How does it feel to be a copycat. From Russian singer Andrey Makarevich? \nHere is a proof https://youtu.be/9JkjupxFCe4
*Perro Fiel means Faithful Dog*
Can't wait to see you both in concert tomorrow - Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
All 3 are very talented.
This sounds like 'we belong together' by Ritchie Valens.
7k dislike? Maybe they missed the like button \n
I just like how much fun they have in all their videos :p
Uaalll 
My d*ck is
Square peg in the square hole. Girl moves in circles. Plenty of talent here
The UK banging out the tunes as usual.\n\nDoing what we are good at. Making music and eating fish finger sandwiches !
love
HAIM. You are magical 
Who else is listening to this in 2017??
Nobody cares about y'all wetbacks
He should be the artist on the rise
 KB 
I like that new hairstyle, I can't wait for this album!!!!! 
Potatoes Unite !!

i wish the girl he kissed was jade chynowethhhh
This song is so spacious. Love it!
its a good song
Great job on the video Jeremiah!! :)
Of course I hope there is a heaven.\nThe thought is extremely comforting to my fears of losing those I love.\nBut there's no reason to believe in any of the manmade gods.\nI don't see why I should compromise my morality and intellectual integrity for fear.\nIt's life.  None of us get out of it alive.
Cr7
No #Orange. Better that that ass pic!
this song has so much love in it!! instant classic
He fought through that pain to end a tour then he fought through more pain to give a bit of happiness to a few folks by signing autographs,that bending over had to be very painful for him but what a fan loyal guy as he again fought through the pain and stumbled off. I am not a celebrity/musician idol worshiper but I have to give credit where credit is deserved and in my opinion Tom Petty did good... he seemed to be a humble man. I was fortunate to have seen Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers while I was at the ripe old age of 19 on military leave in Pittsburgh back in 1983, what a wonderful birthday gift it was and they sure put on a great concert.
Tiesto dO.Ob
This is my mom's account and I just listened to this 10 times cuz damn this is my fucking groove
Been Round Since His Moments Album. Like If You Been Round Since Day 1.
Depressing
\n. . .  
Amazinggggggg
This song is keeping me upright and living
I love your song i am from Mxico but  i love your song i youst hear it like five times and i know all the song your my favorite singer
PAPACHOO
I saw you perform at the Coldplay concert in Colorado and you were so amazing! I wouldn't be able to sing in front of the whole Pepsi center and sing! Ilysm! Don't ever change!
HE IS SO AWESOME THAT HIS MUSIC ALWAYS TOUCHES OUR HEART.....like he sings with pure dedication and passion....every single song is just amazing guys and I don't think we'll ever stop falling  for him and his ANGLE - LIKE  voice...... its so damn beautiful.....
Hitting the wall has a profound effect on libtards
If this not talent.....than what is this????
BRNS IS A MAN!?!?!? You have a beautiful voice dude. I'm dead serious I love your music!
PART 2 ?
really !!!
Can't say that this is as radio-friendly as his previous singles off his debut album but it definitely needs a considerable time to listen to
I love you Grace thanks for keeping your music clean and simply amazing!!
I honestly think she doesn't know how to spell these words
Niall: don't it feel FUCKED up we're not in love\nMe: OMFG HE SAID FUCK OMFG GOD KILL ME NOW OMFG 
Sounds like Mxico

Grace what song is coming next?\nPlease tell me
Who's cutting onions in here?
Rosenberg concentrating hard af to maintain eye contact.
I'm so sorry for fergie...
SHES PENG
this song makes me want to friendzone my dad
 i love you loaf
I've always hated Miley Cyrus and came here for x. Noah is way better that Miley
Just go to google and simply type: *gexxguides* You'll get the only real working clash of clans working method by 2017
Amazing :-)
WOW. Literally had this song playing on spotify close the the final act where the tension is building before the song got really emotional and she starts raising her volume just as I scroll down in trending of youtube to see this new video! BTW I'm glad this kind of music is still valued and posted on front page of youtube :)
From Small Country Called Bangladesh.... We Love James Blunt.
YES! Today is literally like my birthday cause NF is at the trending page!
https://m.soundcloud.com/user-936783135/kobe-prod-by-taylor-king
3:26 that smile :')
They need a reality show or like documentary or something I'd be there for that
Bring Jessica Sanchez here pleaseeeee
who else is here before 1M views?
i can already see people reading into this until there eyes are sore and red.\noh why cant it be simple a man going to his floor and home\n:)
View number 1M HERE!!!
The director also did Britney Spears - Stronger video
https://open.spotify.com/track/0co22DdQlaDMuaWG0MEJZX?si=QBl7aUqC this song reminds me of grace
girl on boys and gelly
Yes queen yaaaas
This beat makes to want to twist your hips ... unless it's just me 
love that damn piano
*Yo , I forgot about Sadie, not anymore* 
I Love You  Brasil 
2:33 IS THAT LAFAYETTE??????
Offset ye ye
YASSSSS P!NK IS BACK ALONG WITH SHANIA TWAIN I LOVE THEM BOTH SO MUCH!!!!
So this is what perfection sounds like 
I comented this on your previous video and I'll do it again:\n\nI'm so glad... Welcome back
love this :) the sisters got amazing vocals
3er da vindolo, escuchndolo, sintindolo y viviendo esto...

 this song...
Thank you so much for downloading this ... from an 'American Girl'! _O_X
i do not.know this dancer but it s sound good
Really?! Bit early for this sh!t!!
I wouldn't need any pills to fuck her
??? Is she really wants a hit? Or is just a song out of fun
hining
Edwins voice  but how about nick??? 
Anybody else notice tedashii at :39
Jeremy you have the most amazing voice I've ever heard God bless you and keep bringing us your beautiful music
I LOVE HER SO MUCH! SHE IS SO INSPIRING 
Loved the song it brought me to tears. I married my soulmate when I was 21 and then I lost my wonderful husband of 30 years, 6 years ago to cancer. He was truely the love of my life. Cerrish what have!
THEIR VOICESS ARE A BLESSINGG
Hits me so hard this song!! Especially with depeche mode singing it!!!
Absolutely amazing. Love you guys.
YAYY A NEW SONG FROM HOLLYN!!!! IT'S LIT
Lol the title of the song in brackets 
Just as amazing as always 
When a teapot sounds better than mariah carey 

how they shot him in the street. SHEESH these facts. 
Go kimbra!~ be awesome! You are a wonderful artist. - never be afraid to add more of YOU to your music.
I didnt see that it said 'audio' so I kept waiting for her to move 
Check out my music covers! . SUBSCRIBE for upcoming covers!! 
I love you, Toni Braxton! 
I LOVE HEARING YOUR LAUGH IT MAKES MY DAY :)
I dont understand why that crowd was so dead when I know she had other friends and supporters out there ( other then Alyssa) . I was to happy to see Alyssa standing up with her camera recording her bestie though !! You did great Daina. Keep striving for what you love ... 
NF as you say, only real songs
Gritooooooooooo. Ameiiiiii \nOrgulho. Anitta amamos voc showwww. Vou danar at para meu marido essa msica kkkkk kkkkk.
Excellent music and obviously excellent video .. Gave me goosebumps . i like it 
I love
That remind me of that time in primary school in 99 when my evangelist classmate stole my pokemon cards and cut them up because Pokemon is the devil.\nBesides the obvious bullshit that statement is made of,  I'm still laughing about the fact that stealing and destroying someone's property didn't strike her good christian heart as a bad thing to do. \nWe were poor at the time , those cards were my christmas present, I cried so damn hard man.
I love Carly Rae Japsen
Yes yes to this collaboration!!!
Music video is always filled with feeeeeels.

I can't wait to buy and hear Younger Now tomorrow! I'm so happy to see Miley grow as an artist and a person. She's so amazing. So sad she's not touring, though.
I love them okay bye
Esta rola est dursima y en Guatemala ya es numero 1
this needs to be #1 trending!!
Last song was so chill ! 
Does morriessy is gay?
Slow down!!!!
Hi

Aguardando por esta musica desde o Ultra Music Miami\nsem duvida o melhor #Tisto 
Wow!!! I love it!!! Great,great, great!!!!!!
Tune! so good
HOMO DA PORRA
Why do only the little coments get so much likes i barely get any and my birthdays in 7 more day :(
*_#12 on trending_*
Didnt this band used to have guitars?

Estou a chorar.
You rock X ambassadors
Brasil :)
Everyone: I love you Blake Shelton \nMe: Why is this trending at only 7.2k views =_=
Intelligent lyrics easy listening music. Girl the world needs artits like you :) love from tunisia !
Genius
I love you Gwen your Music make me happy 
Sing is Aussie? Im from Australia.
Some serious fleetwood mac vibes goin on <3
Oh my goodness she never disappoints!! Cannot wait to buy her album this is amazing <3
This guy is hilariously lacking imagination
Worked with a guy that went to a concert of theirs back in the day and was allowed to party in the tour bus. Out of respect I will not mention the obvious of what constitutes as 'party' according to his veridical tale.\n\nMay he keep on partying up in heaven or down in hell. If we're in the Matrix then it looks like the scripting is getting worse the further along we get in this claustrophobic dreamscape.
I got a high five from luke
I love miley but this album is a disappointment
whachu actually know how to spell bhad bhabie .... go to school lol
the best song <3
Walk off the earth has done it again.....niiiice
total shit...as every output from this nervewrecking band.
She threw down on this one.  This is one of the best songs she has recorded.  So glad she didn't retire she has too much talent.  Seven whole days your second place now!!!
I was officially the 1000th dislike
I was here before 1 mil i really dont care but why not be edgy like everyone else are your ready i put peoples life on the edge.
Aww Chris you've done it again really hope you come over to the uk next year. Love you cowboy. 
good
Muito bom irmo!
martin garrix never disappoints
Please upload your older video from your first album too
Omg yessss. Cant wait till it comes out. He just gives me life
Wow Steve is a natural btw the whole group flows so well together. I love when people have more than one creative ability, keeps you out of other peoples business! 
When I thought I couldn't love her any more than I already did when I first heard her on b2k cd. She got me crying and snotting. I've been stuck in my own storm missing my papa.  Gotta get through it
Amazing song 
I really love all of your song 
Santa Marta !!!!!! Grandes amigos, Nostalgia eterna en mi corazn. Excelente tema de Carlos Vives y que bacano recorrer Pescato en este video, me senta rumbo a Taganga.
Change speed to 1.25, enjoy

I love it so much ! That is the best video ! Thank you so much for this 
What  A masterpiece
I LOVE YOU
!!!
I can die peacefully now.
Who's Stephen? :-P
Omg this is amazing
He katy Perry  to tele you that l love you very much l wish you would read this message l Sant to tele you that you are onde of the best sigersin the world l like  tour songs , thy re all angry good l love you , know  that you re beautiful  and always stylish and prettyaaaa if you
Geen Light is a good song I must say :)
How is she fine? She looks fat as fuck and her head all swole and voice that sounds like she smokes two packs a day.
Thank you for being the best road trip companion a girl could ever want!  nothing beats rolling down the windows, singing American Girl, open road ahead
amazing song ! I love this version so much.
 great job
Dont sleep on Miley
i'm 62 and have been going to more concerts of his than I can count since his Damn the torpedoes Album came out. Damn Tom, We, all your Fans will miss you with words that fall well short of what we feel right now.

I love this song
ORLO CANTAR ES UNA OBRA DE ARTE BASTA ESTOY LLORANDO
90`s?????
Sucked. worst music ever. Dumb.
This group deserves so much more recognition
Hi Hollyn!!!! I love your songs and your style!! You inspired me to write songs so thanks very much and I actually feel like you in your song all my love and HOLA! hen people in Guatemala first heard it we were like Hollyn knows spanish?!?   So peace, I really  love your music you're an inspiration for all, keep it up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys consistantly amaze me!! THIS IS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!
B-52s
Anyone else dying for this album to be released?
After listening to the first three seconds added this to every playlist I have. KB is UNDERATED
People are saying the song has My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark vibes. Obviously the video does, but the song to me kinda has a Back To Earth vibe. Just me?
WELL... I guess I'm going to cry myself to sleep tonight.
let me know when d song starts.. brb going to get a drink
the fuck they went?
I like
JMJ brought in Beck's vibe and that's cool yeaahhh
Shout out to MN and First Ave! Thanks Macklemore!
Love it!!!! Hold Fast VatiCON down then we move straight into Revelation 11...Stranger Things 11...power coming to the witness of YESHUA...with a smile and a wink and plenty of ISAAC (laughter for the new ones!) and PROOF against the Illuminati Lucifer's Team...Team YESHUA RISING! Enjoy the show.....and get ready to BEAM YOUR LOVE LIGHT FOR YESHUA AND ALL WHO LOVE!
m a s h e d
bebe ur voice iz tooo adorable :-)\nbebe jzt let it BE
Some nigga want to fuck my ass please?  i need a big black dick.
I'm pretty sure this isn't how the story ends I SENSE ANOTHER VIDEO
NWO? No thank you!
Just amazing, i'm really excited to be in one of your concerts.\nI can't believe all the feelings i've felt about your music. \nI just want to send you so many luck from here for you to go the furthest you can.\nGrettings from Spain 
YASSS MY BABYYY
Muy chevere Jay Z !!!!!
Sounds like a Trap Nation song
Love the message too
Nice! 
Yes it was a great album can not wait for the next!!!
Era 
Is this a febreeze commercial
You look like 8 oh she's 14 dam waiting for a glo up
Strange that they didn't procure a White Mustang of any sort for this video...
santa marta cuanto te extrao
Ashwini Singh Tanwar bought me here.
first sam smith and pink and now this my ears are blessed today 
1:05 anitta mi gente 
Hello I invite you to listen to my most recent track with free download titled Calm, if you like do not forget to share it with your friends, you would be helping me a lot\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Uievp3PyQCI
Beautiful song Love it
Omggggg so amazing
Here before a mil...but dayum this fire !!!!
It will die faster than the Kim shopping app
Hey guys! My name is Malik Charles...im really tryna get my music heard and would appreciate any support! I make music about love,life,pain and try my best to reach all people. Please take a listen... https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Amo esta cancin \n is with you
Sorry but I did not like it
I love it <3
We will support you Grace <3 Exlpore!
EXCEPTIONNELLE !!!
Ur voice sounds better than Zayn's nd Charlie Puth's...
Muy Bueno.
I can get a Marilyn Monroe vibe out of her
Austin in December. Can't wait!!!
Nice. Sounds good
Nadine (Lustre) must listen to this in case she breaks up with James (Reid). Hope they never will, though.
Beautiful
I was not able to even listen the song... i was just way to focused on seeing how hot she be 
No comformation of his death yet folks.
This is my favorite song from the album anyone else?
Would of been better without the F WORD
So good
Me explicas la faNTASIA DE VDEO
#100KJASANDCORY 
Not understanding the outrage when she is just mirroring what's popular in hip-hop at the moment. At least you know her blaccent is not fake. By today's standards...ignorance is common sense and censorships the norm. Like our POTUS, this is your fault America...accept it and move on.
This is the first song I've listened to by Fall Out Boy after it was recommended to me by a classmate last week. Kind of disappointed as this sounds like Maroon 5. My favorite band is Paramore and also like Linkin Park, Pearl Jam, and even E Street. What are the best Fall Out Boy songs for me?
I feel listening the bends b sides...
cd completo ja quero
 im so early!!!
Jessie j...Amazing. Venha para o Brazil...
NEW BIG YOUNG THUG HIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n@@@```Young Thug & T.I & Young Dro & Trev Case [Hustle Gang Unite For That Bag$$]````@@\non my channel check it out now subscribe for new everyday\non my channel\non my channel\nOFFICIAL
The little girl is my cousin

I cant belive ive been here for a year (with 2 accounts that is) i subbed at 11k
Love you Rachel
Absolutely beautiful, no other words for it
Jorales q chida cancion saludos de Mxico
Love Gwen's version of it. 
QUEEN ANIRA
This is so Final Fantasy aesthetic!
Who is Kanye?
Lin is a cinnamon roll
 SUPER
just stop....wow this was bad
Beautiful...
No limit in the sky\nThat I won't fly for ya\nNo amount of tears in my eyes\nThat I won't cry for ya, oh no\nWith every breath that I take\nI want you to share that air with me\nThere's no promise that I won't keep\nI'll climb a mountain, there's none too steep\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blind\nWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you\n\nWant you to share that\n(When it comes to you)\n\nCupid ain't a lie\nArrow got your name on it, oh yeah\nDon't miss out on a love\nAnd regret yourself on it, oh\nOpen up your mind, clear your head\nAin't gotta wake up to an empty bed\nShare my life, it's yours to keep\nNow that I give to you all of me, oh\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blind\nWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you\n\nWant you to share that\n(Share) When it comes to you\nWant you to share that\n\nWhen it comes to you\nThere's no crime\nLet's take both of our souls\nAnd intertwine\nWhen it comes to you\nDon't be blind\nWatch me speak from my heart\nWhen it comes to you\nComes to you
Goosebumps!!
I definetly would go to this strip club
I can not even imagine the wonders she dreams when sleeping
Sia stands for\nS:singing \nI: is \nA : awesome\nHit like if you agree 
Catchy af!
Beni yalnz brakmayn lan 
Amazing.
Cantik banget !
Once they release an acoustic version everyone will like it, just watch.

Memories (':
lyrics?
yolo yolo yolo go go go 40 M
If this is why her little sister wants to give up music because she know she can't compete with this then hay it was nice Bitch 
So I got these all right, but first I had to look up what a nylon guitar was. I figured out it was just a string type of acoustic guitar, other than that the test was fairly easy. \nI don't mean to brag or anything, I am actually confused myself, maybe its because I like to do this sort of thing a lot. A lot of the time its to find the original sounds that were modified to fit an EDM type track, or what a sound from an NES/SNES/N64 is supposed to be mimicking. I mean this is the only logical reason why someone who doesn't know a lot about music would be good at recognising an instrument. (I mean if you asked me to recognise a pitch or note just by hearing it I wouldn't be able to do that.)
BRAZIL LOVES YOU (SPECIALLY ME)
Probably my least favorite song on the album tbh, I could see how girls like it given the lyrical content, though.
Mxico loves God...
*Don't worry Nick. You will eventually find her*

I think of Minnie Riperton before I think of Mariah Carey......
I was hoping the cgi aspect of the video would've been noted. The editing and capture I would rate 9.3/10.
The comeback is so good\nChannel for guitarist: https://www.youtube.com/user/KellyValleau\nI know a good guitarist I asked him if he could do a guitar version on this song it's so good
1:00
Cod 3 on his arm
Thank goddess for new Kimbra!
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M
sad song 
Your voice is so sweet
Damn, found my wedding song, even doe it's fast..xD
I hope all these music videos end up linking together
Love it
i like this keep posting more stuff like these
!
PLZ i need moooore
Woooow
Sadie robertson makes Stephen Malcolm more famous
You've done it again. Brilliant.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy
Who's the director though?
Love from the Philippines, Miley 
Is it me or her voice is a lot deeper? No hate! 
GENIAL! como siempre, un saludo
COME TO ISRAEL
Golden heaven music!
You should do Music for Prague 1968
And I am now a country music fan! This and Neon Lights are amazing!
Woooow good drop!
temonn soy de peruu me encanta sus canciones
steve be doing the most in this life
BEAUTIFUL SONG! HE HAS BEAUTIFUL MUSIC PERIOD.
  !
Her voice is fucking gold 
Wasn't really lookin' when you caught my eyes\nJust another town, just another night\nDidn't say much, I was scared for my life\nI didn't catch your number, I didn't know your name\nTried to move on, I couldn't help but think of you\nAnd I knew, that you'd change everything\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\n\nNow there's makeup on my counter, your shoes on my floor\nTakin' my side of the bed and more\nBut its fine, I don't mind\nCuz you changed everything\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nYeah...\n\nTake this ring\nForever now\nTil death do us part\nTake this vow\n\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye\nWhat's mine is yours\nEvery breath I take\nEvery choice I make\nIt might sound crazy\nAll my pain, washed away\nIn the blink of an eye, yeah you saved me\nYou've got all of me and I don't need it anymore\nWhat's mine is yours\nWhat's mine is yours\nYeah
wow amazing singer i love it.
Is it me or was the first tease of the song slower then this?
Cool song

muito legal esse remix do Otto Knows
This is what I woke up to see a notification for. Cue the tears.
I have goosebumps. So many goosebumps right now. I love this song.
King of Pop is back! If MJ continue to make new videos he will have 15mil subribers ans many many views cus ge is too popular singer.
Trying to make this some great camera piece you ruined all the tone and vocals.
I love youuuuu
I heard a Bb7, but whatever floats ur boat
Beautiful Jessie j
I liked it before i heard it
Latinoamrica te ama  Mxico te sigue esperando P!nk
Incrvel !
The video is years old, why is this only trending now
Where is the eminem song?
Love this Song and Love Olly  what a fantastic song for olly to come back with after unpredictable.  Love the beat and Love Ollys Top 
Somebody do a background check on that guy.
Esta chvere la msica Avicii el mejor 
Esta cancin se la dedico a Todo mi Mexico precioso 
I love this song, always coming out with new hits
Who's here before 1M
Subscribe to my YouTube channel and like this comment I will sub back
this is just amazing.  I literally have goosebumps!  The live vocals are just wow !
She used to make better song clips :/
Jungkook
The song is PERFECT!
It's a trash remix to be honest.
I am Moroccan and I love your songs
i love music
Where the normies hang
Menkanto
I have no idea what I just watched... ... ... but it gave me goosebumps.
Best Song On The Album
It's really nice to see Julien's growth. I remember listening to her first album and it had less than 1000 hits. Now she's #27 trending on YouTube. Good job Julien 
I lauv how lauvly Lauv is.\n\n\nSorry
Not trying to hate, I enjoyed this song, but I don't think this is one of her bests... This is just my opinion! I do love Grace \n#Fanderwaals
Came here for Camila Cabello
i love alan walker's songs
generic as hell
This song is Great! Ke$ha has changed a lot :D
Ooohh my god i love her voice
I LOVE YOU TAYLOR
I cant wait
Amei 
Awww that's cute
niceeeeee

The lyrics are so meaningful and Bebe's and Georgia's voice is soulful in this one.......   I totally love this track.... Keep it up guys for this one 
Oye me llamo Haily es parecido a tu nombre
I've been listening to this song for 2 days straight. I love it so so much You are amazing Alex! Love you so much
I've played this song as loud as my stereo could stand it after at least a couple ofbad breakups. Hope the neighbours didn't mind, too much. So long Grant, and thanks for the music.
Falto Bad Bunny 
I'm waiting for it! That geen light! I want it!
In which Beck showcases his daughter's awesome slime collection with an awesome soundtrack.

Uncanny Valley vibes
Come on to Brasil again
QUEEN
This is amazing 
I miss you niall, i want to see you niall. I'm from indonesia
this reminds me so much of the song from The Last Five Years!!!
I almost can't believe how terrible this video is. Such a beautiful voice deserves better..
like si loves 2017
I LOV YOU BEBE REXHA 
this is really really nice
Where yall bitches at in the comments. This a new song. Turn yall ass up!
1:05 RIP glasses
Tune
Eres el mejor!
IM SO EMOTIONAL RN ASDFGHJKL
YES love me some Gershwin
Desperation of socialism?
I'm literally crying of how beautiful this sing is .... this is so going to be one of my wedding songs
Who's cutting onions in here?
bizarro
Slim almost looks unrecognizable. Good job fellas...
1:34
This has to be my new favorite! I love this so much
OMG THIS IS AWESOME!!!!!

Porque hay comentarios en ingls y el vdeo est en espaol
amazing, but why its pre recorded? 4:20
$limeyyy af dood ; tom yorke iz totally a Slimydood
Luke Hemmings spitting bars.
Good Song
I feel like this would have a part 2 
This is a bold new direction, a lot more gritty\nI respect them for stepping out of their comfort zone and trying something less poppy\nBut One Foot and then this, it may indicate a more experimental album
IM LITERALLLY GETTING CHILLLSSSSS FUCK YESss
yeeee I love their all songs and this is one is the best song ever c'z it makes me feel confident 

Senta na piroca torta, trava a xereca e se joga 
Now it she lit
Now imagine if Porg and GONK droid teamed up together 
A lot going on the moment am i right
Amazing 100%\nLove it !!
It'll grow on us. Like Thank God for Girls.
Top
Me encanta Rachel!  saludos desde Espaa 
Hey guys I'm 13 and trying to make it pls sub to my channel i rap https://youtu.be/1Kaiov-2IDM
Peeps, rush i please  this resultdeepqy  specialize
Yes sing it brett!! You've grown to be one of my favorites since the zaxby's commercial ...good to see this on youtube
Ame Esta Cancin\nI Love Lukas Graham
Buen trabajo Otto Knows, como melodas fue que me encanto tu msica en el 2011, 2012 
HOLY FUCK THIS IS AMAZING BANKS IS COMMIN UP 
Wtf! Lmfao I'm dying right now 
Gay
Mano a Beyonce manoooooo quando vc acha que a msica no pode melhorar.
PowerStarz Serie
Who came to watch the video just because xxxentacion was in the title
what is this country or something?  missing a few pickup-trucks and dogs and stuff
My love life in a song. It's crazy how it's so timely and on point. Man.. Pink, is this u giving me an advise? 
https://youtu.be/HV7HKQrKNNQ
Love the song but why is money mentioned in literally every song???it ruins it for me
need full track
wow finally a new song and its great
Esto me encorazona y bueno todo de ellos lo hace los amo
ON REPEAT
Pleasantly surprised to see her on trending. Congrats!!
DUDE LOOKS LIKE GREG ALLMAN BIGTIME!!!!
This is so different and I love it!
Who else DIED at the end..
Major Eminem vibes. I like this.
Ela deveria apostar mais nos vocais que ela tem, a msica  tima mas falta dinmica vocal
He doesn't play guitar in this
Videoyu ndirmek in http://tinyurl.com/yc4llks5
That was kinda creepy lol
It's not bad.  It's good. But it very much main stream.

Good lord this is gold
Fucking garbage how does a piece of shit rapper like this even make money
Porg or Porn 
i love you sia
Very jazzy, good Nat king Cole influences !
Great Track!
huge migos and gucci mane fan but this shit sucks. y'all need to speak out when your fav rapper has a shitty track. no beat no flow
Listen to David Guetta - 2U (Zero5980 remix) by ZERO #np on #SoundCloud\nhttps://soundcloud.com/zero-5980/david-guetta-2u-zero5980-remix\nMy track is better than him
PATRICK EWING IN THE GARDEN!! Dont care what team you rep , I know ya felt that!
That was amazing! Thank you mama P!nk 
hey guys click the link below and take a look at coral farming from the beautiful islands of fiji ...be sure to like the video \nhttps://youtu.be/BJuap-FMZJ0
When the beat drops  damn 
dammmmmnnnn
His voice is just amazing. Love his music. 
Avicii is back
beard guy's dance 
Hell yea brother thats real country. Gotta treat a cowgirl right light it up baby #huntinfishinlovin
Sang Tamar! Love it!  I miss music like this!  Just plain good ole sangin!  No mumble rappers!
Shit
Wizzop! .. Offset WHOO! 
I like Pokmon... AND I WILL NEVER STAHP... EVEN IF IM A TWEEN... 
Most of comments on YouTube are self promoting lol
What a dream!!
320 likes and 5 dislikes. THIS SONG NEEDS NO DISLIKES!
woooooo super excited for the new album and her show in barcelonaaaa
why is this video so aesthetically pleasing? so simple, sad and sweet..no drama.. nothing at all.. beautiful 
Fantastic job guys!!!!!! I absolutely loved this, very harmonious! Put a smile on my face. You should do a little Stevie Nicks/Fleetwood Mac, y'all would be great at it after hearing this.
Someone just watched way too much of Rick and Morty.
Wonderful!!!!!
arky kulaklkla dinliyorsan +1 
This will make it to the big charts for sure.
NADA deberia ser un single, que es la mejor del album...
\n. . .  
Why havent I heard this song earlier its so good 
Thom rocking the Thoros of Myr look
where's my hash pipe?
Every time Edwin sings I could drive, oh anywhere you want my heart just 
You sound great
COLLAB WITH SUPERFRUIT PLEASE!
1:17 that beat i think i heard it somewhere before

Aqu dejando mi marca antes que est cancin tenga miles de visitantes.
MY PRECIOUS CHILDREN HAVE RETURNED YAS
Edgy in a cool way
I dont see how Dej is so slept on. I love her man!
PERFECTION!
I wanted the Toyota outro let's go places to pop up at the end SO BADLY.
2:32 to the end is just magical!
Fucking genius
Here before 1Mill hits !!!Waited for this since the preview. Great song great artist

I love that too much like others
Niall babe this is beautiful.... ;-;
I want Bradley Soileau back
Stranger Think the opening theme of Stranger Things.
we need more jamie xx
Good tune
Amen I love this  man
jaden smith reincarnated lol
WTF ROSS LYNCH IS IN A BAND NOW WTF I DIDNT KNOW THIS LMAO and aye its not half bad, i hated the disney show he was in
Maroon 5 is the best band ever i loveeeeee m5 
So let me redefine you\nAnd you can see the tide move\nJust like tears in the eyes do\nAnd when you're feeling alone\nOh, baby, I'll be right here\nBetween the sea and silence\nSo breathe easy right here\nYou can find sunshine in the rain\n\nI will come running when you call my name\nEven a broken heart can beat again\nForget about the one who caused you pain\nI swear I'll love you in a different way
#Marshmelloinbrazil(:
hit like for justin
anybody else got the chills?
Who else think this is the weirdest video ever? ...or it's just me..
in love 
Woooow espera quien es sa? No es Courtney, eso significa que es una nueva putizorr* en el mundo de las rossers :v
at the very end, meeting David Byrne did not help out
Changes
Haters back off\nIt's Jacob boi
lalka
ne zaebis'!
She done skipped holloween
Thank you Tom, we're heartbroken...
Love the new songs and excited for the new album.. funny though this strongly reminds me of Mindless self indulgence: https://youtu.be/s_Gyh1r-ut0
RIP chester
YES ALEX! YOUVE COME SUCH A LONG WAY WERE SO PROUD 
anyone know where the sample from the beginning of this song is from?
Amazing
Too Good At Goodbyes\n\nYou must think that I'm stupid\nYou must think that I'm a fool\nYou must think that I'm new to this\nBut I have seen this all before\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\nI know you're thinking I'm heartless\nI know you're thinking I'm cold\nI'm just protecting my innocence\nI'm just protecting my soul\n\nI'm never gonna let you close to me\nEven though you mean the most to me\n'Cause every time I open up, it hurts\nSo I'm never gonna get too close to you\nEven when I mean the most to you\nIn case you go and leave me in the dirt\n\nEvery time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo way that you'll see me cry\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n\nI'm way too good at goodbyes\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo\nNo, no, no, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\nNo, no, no, no\nNo, no, no\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n(No way that you'll see me cry)\n(I'm way too good at goodbyes)\n\n'Cause every time you hurt me, the less that I cry\nAnd every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry\nAnd every time you walk out, the less I love you\nBaby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true\nI'm way too good at goodbyes
U2 needs reinvention, or at least a solid album
Who's here before this goes viral?
Love ur music
50 will always be the realest 
i love you camila\nso much
Interviewers hair is goals
Im just like you 
She's really laying on that good ole southern DRAWL
Nice song except if this kinda song  will lift him up.. Bcus my Nigerians with money fall on u banana  fall on u or forkanizer or even, baby pana dem sey u like e wahala song wey dem like hmmmm god bless us oh for our talent... my own new song is coming out soon
I like this song
You should do Dead Man's Party by Oingo Boingo. It would be awesome
the queen is back
Scripted
Everyone is talking about TP, but I thought that this was the My Hero Academia intro.
She kinda gives me Rihanna vibes and I love it
Some adlibs sounding like Travis scott's
Nice Sound!
So fuck 
God this is awesome,the king would be proud!
Every minute that goes by\nMakes me suffocate\nHit that party with my friends\nBut I can't concentrate\n\nI keep on replayin' every conversation\nGirl, you got me goin' crazy, I can't take it\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone\nWaiting, waiting for your text\nFeeling all alone\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone (hey)\n\nWhat you're thinkin' on your couch?\nChillin' home alone\nAre you kissin' someone else?\nI guess I don't wanna know\n\nI keep on replayin' every conversation\nGirl, you got me goin' crazy, my heart's racin'\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone\nWaiting, waiting for your text\nFeeling all alone\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone (hey)\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone\nWaiting, waiting for your text\nFeeling all alone\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\nYou left me hangin' out to dry\nYou left me hangin' out\n\nGot me, got me up all night\nGot me, got me up all night\nStaring at my phone

Neil Young said that Rock and Roll will never die.  After October 2nd, I'm not so sure. RIP
Don't go messing up your talent and your life on senseless drugs and partying - you have a gift to share, share it well and help those in need vs wasting it.  Beautiful voice be a beautiful person and live long and happy.
MISS you so much!!!!! Your fans from GREECE!!!!   We LOVE you George!!!!!  till the end of time!!
Ignorance is bliss. If you don't know what's in the water you don't care what's in the water..
Reminds me of Scream by Michael and Janet Jackson video
Good vibes as always 
Bloomin brill 
I love each and every version of this song. LP you have an amazing voice. 
underrated af
Yessss!!
Thanks amillion times Fergie for bringing back your old style of singing back!!! Missed it a lot!!!
You'll never guess this is a break up song unless you pay attention to the lyrics. Lots of love from the PH Phoebe, come back to Eastwood please :)
uma voz dessas, bicho
PURE GENIUS!!!!  Mad props to you guys for your ingenuity!!!! Thank you for the goosebumps guys!!!! (my true definition, of a great song, is the ability of it to affect you physically, and yours has)!!!!  Incredible track!!!!
Empirically specking, is this their best song? No. But it just screams were back bitches.
absolute killers!!
Was linked over here by Philip Defranco, this is ingenious!
oww jessie reyeez
Me encantassssss mi amoooooorrrr
Why is this so good
his dreads grow fast
Vocals 
Yessss - that was so GOOD brother, that last song had me in chills.
Super cool Peter! Would love to see more of these genre battles :)
   () () \n         (*-*)\n         (,,) (,,)    *FOFA*\n      @        )\n         (,,,) (,,,)
Let's smoke a marijuana cigarette
Great song! 
is that Iman shumpert
x aint in the vid but ok
MY SKIN IS CLEAR

Dope video. I'm a little luke warm on the song though...
Me encanta ;u?
From God's Flat Earth to God's flat heavens, we'll miss you Tom. See you with the next full moom fever.
grabaron el video por mi casa
been in a band since I was 10 playing drums now I'm 19 and not there anymore and honestly they were good old days, felt nice. 
The title was clickbait.
Hello! My name is Malik Charles and im really just tryna get support for my music! I write music about Love,pain and life..please take a listen https://youtu.be/JXZgl62f0dA
Billie is going to blow up real big in the music industry 
I can't remember if I found her on NPR's tiny desk concert or Audiotree. My favorite version of Rejoice is on Audiotree.
ahhhhhh jaaa amo p!nk <3
Great interview. If you have some time, I have a Rap single that I think can put me into the Industry. If you guys have time, type in Enzo - Count in the search bar and let me know what you think! I appreciate and love all of you!Thumbs up for Hip Hop.
linda .  perfeita .
Love love the song and love the video even more!!! 
my muse
Wow video quality is great and the song is good 8.5/10 
1:05 RIP glasses

I started listening to the Chief back during the Sinners like me Album, I kept trying to show him to everyone I could. The way he conveys his message is incredible and this song just shows it. I could have been there at that concert and am thankful I wasn't. He is truly the Chief! Eric Church is the real deal. He isn't like the other modern country artist, this man is real.
Top 10 Anime crossovers
http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=14596
1 thousandth like
thought I was looking at the ocean man album cover from a distance
FINALLY A HAPPY EVER AFTER... NICE...
Anyones else eyes hurting after watching this?
Damn all the slapping got him to another dimension
the feels 
I Can't wait omg I will kms right now
I seriously love this kind of music, I'm in love with it
Stellar performance.. loved the end too.  Crowd rightfully exploded with adoration and he was very happy.
Pelo amor. Poderia ter caprichado nas roupas. Algo que realmente tivesse a ver com a beleza amaznica. Ta no meio das vitrias- rgia parecendo quenga
Saw this live last night in Seattle where she dropped it opening for alt-j.
Album?


amazing
I love how she embraces the fact that her friends are different and amazing no matter their Color Subscribe to our channel we welcome Everyone no matter who you are:-)
Hodgetwins voice: he gone man, he gone..
The best of Paramore
si prefiero a juan luis guerra con david visbal :)
damn bitch this is sexyyyy
I have not seen a video so long!
...
Just Beautiful
Nice song, I love it!
This sound makes me F.E.E.L.G.O.O.D.
I'm sorry, but how about his fucking band
This is unique
Al principio pens que cantaba Seal
Looks like 559 people have their screens inverted.
SAM'S ALWAYS BEEN BETTER LIVE <3
How does one simply dislike like this? Or anything from macklemore?
Who's here before 1M
Perfection
YESTERDAY WAS MY B DAY MGAD :))))))
Cool! Subscribe to my page just songs I recorded on my iPhone nothing serious my listen I just posted some I did today  :)) follow me on instagram @pauly.riley.
September 12 is my birthday. September 13 Jamie XX released this. Best present ever.
This is a very good song.  it. You
You got a way of making me feel insane\nLike I can't trust my own brain\nUnless it's screaming your name\nI'd have it no other way\nI'd have it no other way\nAnd maybe that's why I stay\nHow many times can we pick up the same fight?\nCan we keep screaming all night?\nAnd make up until it's light?\nThat's when I say that you're right\nAnd feel your body on mine\nOh, maybe that's why I stay\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nKeep coming back\nGuess you can say I'm attached\nLast time we called it a wrap\nI came begging and all that\nYou're like a habit, it's bad\nI gotta have it, it's bad\nOh no, I'm not even mad, no\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\n\nIt's the way you keep me up all night\nIt's the way you make me lose my mind\nEvery time I'm saying one more night\nIt's the way you know I'm yours\nIt's the way you know I'm yours for life\n\nI could be somewhere, chilling on a beach\nI could be with someone, making me happy\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love\nI could put my phone down\nJust pick up my keys\nI could let you go and we could let it be\nBut that would be too easy, love\nAnd I don't want no easy love
This song is just amazing. One of my all-time favorites. NF needs to do a collab with Witt Lowry
Feel the soul in the music 
Shakira, es mi cantante favorita, pero me carga la voz de este tipo y el reggaetn, espero luego siga con ese pop latino y en ingls que tanto me encanta...
Loving it sooo much 
speed at 1.25!
Amazing video, the best. I was surprised and I was moved because by that james blunt is the best
#TMIGANG
Hearing this song after 2 days?
so dam hot!!!
Fall Out Boy is still around?
LOVEEE YOUU ST. VINCEENT!!!!
Clicked as soon as I saw Julia Michaels
Slim Sadie barzzz!??!?!
Not a patch on the original
NEW JAM! Thanks FBR for helping me to discover great bands!
Wow 9M , we're amazing . Let' s keep going . Fighting ahgase 
Just wow Alec. Amazing once again.
They're all grown up  it just hit me....I'm triggered....but damn this video has me shook when Ross started kissing that girl. He's a big boy  now lol and it finally sunk in
SALSA ROSAAAAAA 
Hi Kim, I'ma producer with CTV National News in Toronto, Canada. Do we have permission to use this video if we source you? It's great stuff! :) Thanks,Ahmar
andrews brows is triangle....
Still can't get over that she's the same age as me
OHMYGODN THE COLLABORATION THE WORLD NEEDS
Isn't she like 14-15
ROBBY JAMES RITCHIE .\n RESPECT HONOUR AND DOWN RITE FUCKEN KID ROCK  COOL MAN.   BORN FREE BABY.         FREE ALL ANGELS.    AND HITTING THE WIND     AFFA FOR LIFE   JJ ONTARIO STRONG WORLD WIDE WE RIDE.
Simply Beautiful, Niall!\n\nThe Production/Arrangement is just amazing! Can't stop listening to it! Timeless - I'll still be listening to it 10 yrs from now.
Great song Jacob 
why am i crying
Aaahhh I love charlie puth 
Wheres the hot video
Zedd looks so cute when he dances!! So Adorable!
There's clearly no gas there!
BJRK I LOVE YOOOOOOOOOOOOOU
Love you Morrissey 
THE BEST SONG LOVE YOU NICK
2:44 and 2:45 ..did anyone else hear that head voice \nit was epic ....didn't know rachel could do that note
speed at 1.25!
Finally! Best part of his Boiler Room Reykjavik set in my opinion
Like us videos but stop putting maddie in them
she's so great
the drop is so unique so that i lauv it
Haters: Dislike this MV\n\nBTS : *singing Mic Drop part*\n\nHaters Gon' Hates\nPlayers Gon' Play\nLive A Life\nMan Good Luck 
She been around for a while where is the hit
his voice is so addictive, i love his aggressive, soulful style <3__<3
FERGIE IS FUCKING BACK YALL I'M SO READY FOR THIS ALBUM
I love Garrett so much and I went to see flatliners, I heard this and started singing every word and my friend was just staring at me
Honestly one word for this song DOPE
If a metro don trust you, he gon shoot you.
Looooooveeeeeee it!!!!!!
Just a random English comment passing by 
I have tried to sing this song and then I bit my tongue T_T
Rami did a really good job, but if they were filming, I'd recommend doing it again, honestly. He needs to move a bit more like Freddie, he puts his shoulders up a little to much and the timing was a bit bad.
taylor gives me red era vibes at the beginning
Slaying her new music again
This 3 are fucking awesome! they wake up, brush their hair and go out to make a awesome clip! this is fucking good music! Please, come to Brazil!
The beat almost sounds like a Fleetwood Mac song.
4  !!!!!!!!!!
AHHHH QUEEN HAS DONE IT AGAIN OUR EARS HAVE BEEN BLESSED YEEESSS
And every time I talk to you\nThe world around us blurs out of view\nI can't hear a word you say\nI'm lost between the lines upon your face\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\n\nBut we'll connect eventually\nIf you stay you and I change me\nThis is the distance between you and me\nEven though at the end of the day\nWe'll smash it down again\nAnd build it the all same\nThis is the distance between you and me\n\nI would risk all the rejection\nFor a shot at some affection from you\nThere's not many I can't handle\nBut they didn't write one when it came to you\n\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\n\nBut we'll connect eventually\nIf you stay you and I change me\nThis is the distance between you and me\nEven though at the end of the day\nWe'll smash it down again\nAnd build it the all same\nThis is the distance between you and me\n\nBaby, tessellate\nI wanna connect with you\nIf it ain't too late\nBaby, would you tessellate?\n\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\n\nBut we'll connect eventually\nIf you stay you, and I change me\nThis is the distance between you and me\nEven though at the end of the day\nWe'll smash it down again\nAnd build it the all same\nThis is the distance between you and me\n\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\nThis is the distance between you and me\nIf I changed for you\nThen would you change too?\nThis is the distance between you and me\n\nBaby, tessellate\nI wanna connect with you\nIf it ain't too late\nBaby, would you tessellate?
SHE HOT.
0:21 meme face
Bruno Rocked en Espaol
_i cried until the end of the video. I cry at how she's a queen. I cry at how she's a goddess. I cry at how beautiful she sounds when she sings. I cry at everything she does amazingly--_
I LOVE IT!!!!!!! WANNA PLAY THIS WHILE I DRIVE TO AND FROM WORK!!!!!!!!
Gotta say I can't hate on her hustle
4:17 PERCUSSION FACE    Yeah!
the visuals are just breathtaking, they add such an amazing vibe to the song. grand place at night is 
im honestly annoyed i havnt heard of this guy sooner...
Beautiful 
So eu que so no final do cripe fui me ligar que ela tava falando ingls
HOT GOG @ 0:24 ??????
R.I.P CHESTER #PRAYFORCHESTER
Precioso Video !!!! \n\nGracias por esta hermosa produccin : ) !!!
Shit guys and gals how do i give you money?!
\n#HappyLayDay \n#Happy1007Birthday\n#\n#1007\n# 
Um...Kanye never left
Thank for thes great song. U2
Abdullah Khan's human rights have been seriously breached. Please view and share. Thank you.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/Abdullah-Khan-has-human-rights-430391800679249/posts_to_page/\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU5i5klLQ9o

LOVE IT
Oh Ill get into more than just your car
Notification Squad where u at?
This makes Halloween better ^^
Rosenberg is a culture vulture.
Los amo son los mejores 
I love this song so much!!!! 
Sia inspiration!
so different, so good.
Such a beautiful voice she has! My gosh! Love this acoustic rendition as well.
Love the song. Can't get enough of it. 
This is just incredible
No once! Ka rata!
This video is mindblowingly beautiful and the song is so good ugh I love kimbra
My queen is giving me Michelle Williams vibe.
Youre getting better!
100%! I'm so proud of myself! Where's my A+, Andrew?
those black honey vibes <3
Love you Rachel
Awesome creation Tisto, Stargate and Aloe Blacc! :D
shoutout to daft punk
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH ALREADY
UWAGA UWAGA jest tu Polska? Sierota hahahabbaabahha
This is awesome. I really look forward to what she'll bring to the table with more style and various kind of songs
I love how calm this song is
When you have a love that glorifies god in a way it is heaven on earth but the greater picture is with the father. Im in love with the song though.
YASSSSSSS.
Brasiel!!!
When It To U,\nDon't Be Blind!
*THIS SONG HAVE MY PERSONALITY*
Lovely song
He's a LEGEND!
Sailor & Lula <3
THIS IS MY FAVORITE SONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dash berlin
In love I can definitely relate
This is kinda confusing... I love One Foot so bad but this song I couldnt get very well
nepotism at its finest. this group wouldn't even be the best act at a local open mic.
YES
More like, the Snek life. Yaburnt
why does this guy go after so many underage girls?? where are the police?? where are their parents??
Bi Bich.
Loved this!!!! and PORTUGAL loves you James!!!! Keep going !!! 
Am i the only one who is here after 4M views
had no idea john legend dropped a new song... damn, it's been a cool minute . i wonder if he can compete with james arthur, etc. you know, the new cats...
I just adore her so pure and powerful
Nice remix glantis  I am loving it!
This is honestly beautiful
I SAW THIS AT TV, AHHH I WAS SINGING ALONG WITH YOU.
love the ending!
how he make music if he dead
simply brilliant
btw do you have an old cello I can shoot ?
Am I the only one that is in love with this little goth chic on the drum sampler?
Amazing woman! Her ideals are really strong.
Is...is that a formal cowboy hat?
I'd like to hear it with less backup vocals on the chorus and definitely less instrumental. He has strong but smooth vocals.
Love this. Thanks Walk of the Earth It's a pleasure to see what you do with music and video and your generosity.
Nice, I like her. Shes cute.
imagine dragons you are awesome I went to your concret it was awesome
This song is my aesthetic
i like vidio Liam payne
Cool, can't wait :)
Thank you Sam...\nYou are right, the INCREDIBLE George Michael
This made me cry so hard
1:30 is when x starts, ur welcome :)
You surely don't know how to let your fans down......good shot....
Croatia
Her voice is one of the most beautiful voices in the whole world
I love his music the letter the voice any song its amazing
Good to see Nicki and Eminem working together again.
This sounds just like the song Audi
Yaaaas Camila yas!!! 
Why is this her last album
I didn't even listen to the song and i knew it was gonna be a bop
I was so happy I was there!!! Chance is so amazing!
Amazing
Now I can die in peace, I always wanted to hear Dua covering Amy Winehouse, RIP beautiful soul she would've been 34 years by now, gone too soon!
YEAAAAAA I LOVE THIS SONG
Why am I, as a Combat Veteran, Lawful American Citizen, who has served many tours of duty on the front lines, in defense of my fellow Americans' Constitutional Rights, that the moment I return home, honorably discharged, when yet another Radical Leftist shoots up a bunch of likely Liberty Loving, Gun Rights Advocating, Trump Supporters, that no longer do my Constitutional Rights apply? Especially in the most dangerous, high crime, gun free, jurisdictions that have been run by Liberal Democrats?
She is my biggest inspiration I cant sing but I can listen to the lyrics and they tell an amazing story I  all her songs so much
She will be going against Sza in the Grammys In the R&B categories and that makes me sad.
You already know
This is a banger

I found peace in your songs 
Old school style WOTE <3
Ben size ne zaman abone oldum ? arastirdim burdan yapiyorsunzu abone hilesini yazik ya : http://www.youtubeweb.xyz
who's else there just for Nicki

Something that I need right now..
I screamed at the end 
2:39 all the guys watching the video can thank me later
Really Love It!!  just wanna know when will it launch in those China music platforms like netease and QQ music?
Who agrees with the fact that this is a bop? :)
Well this is a load of fucking shite.
Great tune. That's an especially cool extreme close-up vocal sound in the verses.
she talks like boy
I wish she would make more songs in English or sing the song in English and Spanish
Unforgettabl, Sixteen, Grave, Life Changes and Sweetheart. Anyone else screaming? Anyone else crying? Am I the only one dying?!
Yesss b
And Courtney?
OMG RUN THE BLACK EYE CHILDREN

Please come to Germany.  Anyone else her from Germany ?
Thats song was the best one when you played it live :3
Yasssssss!!!!!
I wish there was a love button!
OMG yes!!! I'm so happy Sarah is in it too! Love this song!!! Love you Hudson!!!! Can't wait to see you when you come to Austin!!! 
Counting the days 4 the album!! 
He kinda sounds like james blunt 
this intro <3 <3 <3
i love it, soooo good.
I dig this HEAVILY.

I forgot about this.  takes too damn long and it's damn short.
and i am asking u for a date
acid is coming back. the people won't stay sleep
Looks like western music 
I love you're song...\n\nThe video is amazing...thank you
oh noooooo... not good... rhar autotune messed it up. but we know she can sing her ass off.
please like this video for win the competition https://youtu.be/VOfkATP7Z8M

WOW!! What?!?
50 cent and ebro fight who y'all got ya money on?
Hes way too good at singing!! For sure!!! 
Is anyone else going to her Manchester gig on the 9th?
OMG I LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH!!!
I just had the biggest smile on my face the entire time :) Well done with this one!
Amazing live
only zayn and niall are awsome till now  . 
*amo su msica, siempre* Brns
I love you a Camila Cabello.  She is my wife. 
this is fire..secular hip hop, yall better watch out
That look at the end She's like Here, I just give you 3:19. Suck it  
Every like is  for marriage equality \n\n\n\n\n\nBi gay lesbian tran support every kind i support
Much . ...love that song
buguei
Daytime lingo left hand.
So amazing OMG!
It's October, what summer?
YOURE GORGEOUS!!!
R.I.P. Grant's best  song. And boy am I feeling sorry today....
This was great i could look a round
Okayy ty anD Gucci
Please read this comment! The state of California has essentially legalized INTENTIONALLY infecting others with HIV via SB 239. I have created a White House Petition to call on congress to publically address SB 239 and call for its repeal! I have FaceBook group called Repeal Sb-239. If you could talk about SB-239 and address this issue and call for people to sign the petition it would be a great help. I am paying to promote a vid on my channel that talks about this because it sets a dangerous precedence! Please help! I need 100,000 signatures within 30 days. We could do something good!
Porgception.
I love it you good girl
what a revolutionary song!!! that is how I wanna live my life....:)
My opion of my little pony just upgraded to 10000% because of this song 
When my iPhone rings,I think she is a gold digger
Loved this!!!!!!!!
Where does he get that green hoodie????
That face at 2:31
that last song is quite beautiful. i agree with what you said about finishing projects. even though every work can be made better, at some point you want to share it with people. so you must decide what is more important to you, perfecting it, or getting it out there. i believe the whole point of creating something is to share ideas & connect with others.
Awwwww that's two cute tooth brushes
IM SO LATE AND I CANT EVEN LISTEN TO IT BECAUSE I HAVE NO HEADSET AHHH FUCK MY LIFE
Will be seeing you next week Saturday at the Prudential Center.  Can't wait.
This is the most emotional song I ever heard... Legends never die!
:(
AAAAAAAAAAAH BETTER!!!!
I ain't hating,  but sadie.. never thought I'd see the day she drop some barz
Her visuals are always brilliant. Never mind this song could have their video, and there is it, slaying the house. 
Omg talk about a glow up
What a degenerate. A thirteen year old girl famous for her complete lack of respect for anyone, now shouting swears and passing it for music? Society if falling.
Love to see them back, and they've stayed true to their style!   Always loved 112 even if the person in the car didn't know who they were listening to.. Lol  bomb music 
miss old paramore 
Check out the ODO Music Group up - CGB Feat. Jaye-T, Quet, & I.N.K. (Official Audio) Up and coming rap artists from Fort Wayne, Indiana https://youtu.be/frWf-yceQsY
I hate this pseudo country bullshit
daina is awesome even though crowd is dead she just need a better audience
https://youtu.be/Esi9jiS9uZE
Lo ve
hey guys, what does Mi Gente mean?
yes, if you're trying to figure out that youtube is an algorithm based on previous video views and snapshots of thumbnails, yes, it is true.
Can't Believe I saw her live in South Africa in 2007. 10 years later and she is still the most real artist out there. \n\nAwesome Track P!nk!
Beautiful video
Lets dance on the floor..
Woahh.... #HAPPYSHEEPDAY #HAPPYUNICORNDAY #HAPPYLAYDAY
What's the part about mayweather pls
Ya
My wig just flew off
RAP MON IS SO WOW.HAHAHAH
When will the Video of Total Eclipse of my Heart come?
 Super
Honestly, this would rank as a decent song in my eyes (not conventional Weezer sound, of course). But, it's hard for me to warm up to that chorus. Hopefully it will grow on me.
Jeremy amei suas msicas e obrigada por ativar as legendas .
Lyrics\n\n[Chorus]\nFeels like we're on the edge right now\nI wish that I could say I'm proud\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nLet you down\nAll these voices in my head get loud\nI wish that I could shut them out\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nL-l-let you down\n\n[Verse 1]\nYeah, I guess I'm a disappointment\nDoing everything I can, I don't wanna make you disappointed\nIt's annoying\nI just wanna make you feel like everything I ever did wasn't ever tryna make an issue for you\nBut, I guess the more you\nThought about everything, you were never even wrong in the first place, right?\nYeah, I'ma just ignore you\nWalking towards you with my head down, lookin' at the ground, I'm embarrassed for you\nParanoia, what did I do wrong this time? That's parents for you\nVery loyal?\nShoulda had my back, but you put a knife into my hands before\nWhat else should I carry for you?\nI cared for you, but\n\n[Chorus]\nFeels like we're on the edge right now\nI wish that I could say I'm proud\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nL-l-let you down\nAll these voices in my head get loud\nI wish that I could shut them out\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nL-l-let you down\n\n[Verse 2]\nYeah, you don't wanna make this work\nYou just wanna make this worse\nWant me to listen to you\nBut you don't ever hear my words\nYou don't wanna know my hurt yet\nLet me guess, you want an apology, probably\nHow can we keep going at a rate like this?\nWe can't, so I guess I'ma have to leave\nPlease don't come after me\nI just wanna be alone right now, I don't really wanna think at all\nGo ahead, just drink it off\nBoth know you're gonna call tomorrow like nothing's wrong\nAin't that what you always do?\nI feel like every time I talk to you, you're in an awful mood\nWhat else can I offer you?\nThere's nothing left right now, I gave it all to you\n\n[Chorus]\nFeels like we're on the edge right now\nI wish that I could say I'm proud\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nL-l-let you down\nAll these voices in my head get loud\nI wish that I could shut them out\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nL-l-let you down\n\n[Verse 3]\nYeah, don't talk down to me\nThat's not gonna work now\nPacked all my clothes and I moved out\nI don't even wanna go to your house\nEverytime I sit on that couch\nI feel like you lecture me\nEventually, I bet that we\nCould have made this work\nAnd probably woulda figured things out\nBut I guess I'm a letdown\nBut it's cool, I checked out\nOh, you wanna be friends now?\nOkay, let's put my fake face on and pretend now\nSit around and talk about the good times\nThat didn't even happen\nI mean, why are you laughing?\nMust have missed that joke\nLet me see if I can find a reaction\nNo, but at least you're happy\n\n[Chorus]\nFeels like we're on the edge right now\nI wish that I could say I'm proud\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nOh, I let you down\nAll these voices in my head get loud\nAnd I wish that I could shut them out\nI'm sorry that I let you down\nOh, let you down\n\n[Outro]\nI'm sorry\nI'm so sorry now\nI'm sorry\nThat I let you down
Summer ended yesterday and everything is moving so fast towards the holidays and im OK with that! lol
Can you guys do angels in the architecture?
Deba bailar link, ella es muy buena en eso 
Sounds like it came out of Kill Uncle very good,  can't wait to see  MOZ @ the Hollywood Bowl
Brazil 
Step back on dry land to two incredible covers! How lucky can I get?
Thanks for makin my life today; Good fucking morning.

These pipes Jessie. Yessssssss.
If it's meant to be a hit it will be
OMG OMG
Hailee For EVER :D
OLD VIBE> GREENDAY FOREVER
Wait. There's a MLP movie?OMFG HOW  Not to be rude or anything but I'm just curious how this happened to be
Seems a bit redundant. Pretty much every song Bruno Mars do already sounds old-school just with modern music production.
At the beginning it sounds a little bit as GORILLAZ\n(Sry for bad english)
Can I get some likes for no reason
Thankyou for coming back!!! 
YAASHHHH! 
OMG I think I love this song even more
Play it at 1.25x speed. \n. \n. \n. \n. \nThank me later.
Damn good song

top
wow
Flawless as always! Such a beautiful rendition of this classic song!!
First
Me encanta 
This is my new Jam i be dancing to this in the shower!! 
HOLY CRAP omg this is literally gold omg how even...
got them all right! but I reckon thats luck rather than skill
Oh my god I cant wait for the next chapter !!!
XXXTENTACION's Part is Fire as F..k
Mad respect for Miley <3 \nEb x
I LOVE THIS
She looks so pretty! Nice song!
TRENDING!!! 
Bet 1,000,000,000 Dollars That Grace Won't Pin Or Answer This.
Big gurls dont cry returns kkk
Good song, like the others
GOOD. VERRY GOOD
Imagine Dragons is on fire this year....Dan Reynolds sped up vocals are too good and the music by the band members shows how much effort goes into creating a masterpiece like this...... Keep it up Imagine Dragons for this one 
This would be an awesome song if that guy wasnt such an asshole
#KCBESTSONGEVER
Ol
love it

YAWN\nWake me up when it gets HEAVY
This song is so beautiful.
#AlessoSquad
I know this is over dramatic but OMG I'm crying right now! This is the type of music my soul craves for! I'm so beyond musically fulfilled right now!
bacon dies
He totally sounrs and looks like John Fogery lmao
i love you camila bebe 
that's my wife 
Great song, as always. Well done, Hunter Hayes ! From France ;)
Pshhhh...let's see her sing the contra G in Do Not Reject Me in My Old Age. She's got nothing on my boi Chesnokov. 
Back
Hey buddy you in London?
home team going O.T.
Edens back :'')
Romantic
I love how basically all he did was use the ambience and bass of the original and its still sick
i love her. she is a really nice gal and very inspirational.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, I CANT BREATH!
guitar solo me!
Share people make it viral
Goosebumps!!
My new favourite P!NK song
What a masterpiece 
Yay mj
king style
Damn
I never watched Hannah Montana ... I'm English... I don't think we even had it in the UK. I genuinely though this was from her new album and I fucking love it!
dude i would hire you
Love this
KyGo-
!\nGod bless you Jeremy.
*cretsiz Video ndir : http://www.youtubeweb.xyz *
WE'LL BANG OKAY.
I love these songs <3
Robert Smith's lost son
Lit.
Que som lindo.
Didn't understand a word, but it was beautiful Lin. You are so talented.
Cant wait for the next Eminem album
I love how they have been hiding little bits of each video in the others for this album.
nor will he ever stop loving you just make sure that you never stop loving him
LOVE U!!
Who is the model at 2:50 ?anyone know??
yo some guy on facebook got over a million views by your video.
I saw  futuring ty dolla $ign I liked directly 
MANO ESTOU PASMA QUE MSICA MARAVILHOSA
Gavin Volure
Simply go to google and simply type: *gamesecrx guide* You'll get the only 100% working secret completely FREE for the game.
the concert was perfect
ayy so goood!!!
so inspired by skrillex and
So satisfying.. so hypnotizing
another bimbo
Daddy's baaaaaack!
Can someone tell me what's going on 
She spoke really well. Wow. Boss.
I never heard john legend curse on ah track
Fuc Ebro bih azz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1j_vyQrWO4 better
aqui estamos :v . ........\nel principio y sale cr7 con su hijo xD
Did I hear a bullet in your head? Worst audience ever by the way.
Aww , I really love all your song., I hope you could make more song's., ;)
Whos listening in 2020??
2:10 is MASTERPIECE  *_*
Whenever I listened to kygo I was mentally teleported to a music fest in middle of a jungle on an island.
Gaten 
why did the Vatican build the world's largest infrared telescope and name it Lucifer? BC it's almost home. Planet x is the depopulation method. Oceans are receding BC the earth is tilted. This monster is tugging on our shoulder. Look for yourself. Use your platform to warn people.
YES | DNOU 
This is beautiful.
beautiful and talent lady 
I don't care what others say. This man can sing. I like this song, and im feeling these vibes. Much love Craig.
FIRE\n+
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
Is this only me or the video isnt  \nreally available?
I LOVE THE SONG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THE MUSIC VID TO CAME OUT.I also see gatlantis sitting at the kitchen table xd.
Love yalllll 
Cancer
1:19 , we all have been there
Nobody is this popular
Hotel California
*5
I just absolutely love Sias voice!
yes

Subscribe channel and chance to win gifthttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hxZT8S_d--E
Love you girl from indonesia 

Chink
Anitta 
What can I say ? \nAn unrepeatable voice, a unique Talent ...! \nHe's a Living Legend !\nHe was ,\nHe is ,\nHe will be !\nForever....!\nVl'ado. 19 Sep 2017
Everyone is talking about TP, but I thought that this was the My Hero Academia intro.
I both want Lon to blow up but also want to keep her for our little fanbase. She is too talented to not receive more recognition.
Incrvel! Deus abenoe! \nBR BR BR BR!
Me encanto el tema \nPero y nadie como yo??\nPense que ya haba salido de la estafa ahr 
Marry me
Love this song!
yes, if you're trying to figure out that youtube is an algorithm based on previous video views and snapshots of thumbnails, yes, it is true.
Love this 
Not bad, Auntie Toni. I kinda like this song. Not head over heels, pero w/ time, hopefully it'll grow on me. My favorites will always be _I Love Me Some Him_ and _Seven Whole Days._ _YouKnow IGotSoul_ brought me here.
This would be the only time I would agree to be taken into a strange dark room blindfolded with a gong bowl on my head.
Amei ! \nLove this band <3
even dislikes at this momenyt (666) looks GOOOD 
My EyEs HuRt, Is ThIs NoRmAl?
Chester!!!
New York as a whole fucking let everybody takeover not fifty
This a cut been waiting on another one from this band! Chart Topper  I hope the video is banging too! Thank you Maroon 5 for helping us out 
i'm doing it every night
So happy girls like this still exist.
This nigga just doing it so we can buy his albums this nigga aint dumb bruh bruh
I love MLP AND THIS SONG 
Discovered accidentally but wowww  i gonna stan
Beetlejuice got bars bro hahaha
How I love this song!
Where the lirik
This is absolutely amazing, congratulations to you and the patrons!
Love and respect for what you left behind chester, hope your soul is at peace Legend, Forever LP.
whos here befor 4M
Organic sound and visual!
I love your song i am from Mxico but  i love your song i youst hear it like five times and i know all the song your my favorite singer
SHOOK SHOOK SHOOK SHOOK SHO O O K K K K K
Y'all see the veins? 
I love this man 10 out off 10 class Morrissey
beb genia!!!
is it me or does he look like the real b nard just a lil bit
beautiful
i can't stop crying seeing her in all these old country styles
Before 500k
Great song
D'la bombe !!
So Love me or leave me alone
This love is so cute, Gwen!
IM READING THIS BOOK AT SCHOOL AT THE SCHOOL IS GONNA WATCH THE MOVIE TOGETHER, LETS GO
Ich liebe dieses lied
Anitta rainha 00:36
im the only one sad to watch the couch empty (with no members just gifts)?
Does Gwen even have any fans?
Pretty sure I'm a 5/10
Can I get some subs
The person, who made this: oh, log is so cool, why would I grade it?
PUERTO RICO SE LEVANTA  
Super Show
hi I do vlogs and if you sub to me my vids will be good quality and feel free to comment what you want me to do.
Buen trabajo Otto Knows, como melodas fue que me encanto tu msica en el 2011, 2012 
Great..
So... that wasn't difficult. Fun watch though!
 I love chris young!!!
lemme kill this james
Hello, nice to Nose You.... I mean.... ah fuck....
Niall laugh at 3.25 ha ha ha and at 3.39
Niki the boss
Trending 
I was literally just thinking hmm how's eli lieb doing now and decided to search your name, pleasantly surprised that you've released a new song!
Loving the sound of this new album so far. Psyched up for the full english.
Cello 5 \nPiano 4\nTrumpet 6\nClarinet 1\nElectric guitar 3 \nNylon guitar 2
I am so big fan marshmello!!
https://www.g2a.com/r/gamingcoupons
im so addicted to the song
I'm so in love with this
thank you for being who you are
I've been listening to you guys from the beginning and knew you'd blow up one day!!!! I love and adore your music! It's gotten me through dark times and made the bright times seem infinite! THANK YOU AND NEVER STOP, PLEEEASE!!!!
love this ! i like the way he falls of the seat at the end lol, your the one for me fatty xx. what a great message to send out as well it reminds me of timothy leary turn on - tune in and spend the day in bed
Why are there few views? Does he need to show boobs or smth? Unfortunately he has no.
Amazing voice and amazing songs <3 love from Tunisia <3 <3
Hi grace! First of all I just want to say that youre so pretty and so talented and I want to be just like you! Im just mindblown of how amazing you are and you are my inspiration and my motivation to just keep on the going. Lol you just make me feel stuff that I dont normally feel  this weekend I actually had super long hair and I cut it really short like yours so you really are a inspiration but not on just a haircut LOL I like you bc youre talented, youre sweet, youre pretty, youre funny, youre relatable, and youre perfect in every way and no matter how much people tell you to give up just dont because theyre all jealous and they need to calmmmmmm downnnnnn lol \n\n                                    jur average fan lol  \n                                                                            -Emsley :D
I'd love to swing with her !
Why doesn't he has the views and likes he deserves?? I'm so sad...
I like this song waaaaayyyyy too much (first time playing in my ears)
Longlive Bowie, longlive  Themode.
I've watched this twice & probably will again - Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sam Smiths background vocalists are amazing!!!
miss ma bby
pink never changed.. great songs... am i right guys
Me toca a alma essa cano
Lovin' It!!!
I had to wait 2 days to listen to this.\nWhy?\nBecause I had just discovered the after dark sessions AND the faded heart sessions. ON THE SAME DAY.\nI needed time ok.
where's my hash pipe?
she has the VOICE xx
for me  for you :)
omg me enamore  canta hermoso en espaol 
But seriously.....She can do both
Left a lot out of the arrangement, but that passage with the repeating C#s is difficult on any instrument, and I'm shocked that you took it on.  Very good.
SUPER!!!
THIS BAND IS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.
Who's the Bearded-Funny-Dancing Guy?
Your welcome (Moana)? When?
50 Still got barz don't sleep, great work on cookin up 50 Central 
BOI WE DIDNT EVEN GET OUR SPOOKY SCARY SKELETON ON YET
What a nice song.
Trailer https://youtu.be/GQpJNyVLzQE
Hey Lecrae... I took my wife to Good News In The Valley here in Fresno and she really enjoyed your performance... This single dropped on her 47th birthday... What an awesome unintentional gift... God Bless you!!!
yush
I need you in Mexico, City):
This was... deeply disturbing to be honest
Nice
Adorei o video
Waiting for comment that mocking the bronies and watch the world burns lol
Do it, Kid. Run for Senate and FOOK all these criminal Leftist  politicians that only fight for status quo and not for their constituents. Detroit = shit hole. Democrats ran it to the ground. And they dont give AF about anyone, much less blacks, whites, Asians, latinos. And watch em now label you a racist or a xenoohobe. I see you Left, shaking...
his voice 
I love this song 
I swear, when I first saw the title, I thought it was showing Wonder Woman, anyways, great song!
my question is.. if she has so much money... why is that second video her standing outside next to a broken down chair? lol. kudos though, its decent music.
UGH why do you have boyintheband. Hes so emo he should be in the back of a school room hiding his ugly face. But yourblucky you have the impressionist and you, i liked.

I think HAIM should have their own MOVIE.
10 emoji s for this track.\n,,,,,,,,,
This is dot .\nDot is sd\n1 like mke him happy
Please, come back to Brazil! \n\nO Brasil te ama 
This is a heartfelt song.
Interviewers hair is goals
I'm so happy I found this :D
Ughh this song is so goooood!!! 
I loved!!
Nick is hot like really really hot omg... denim jacket, hoodie, probably a shirt underneath that.
This was EPIC
Love this tune man
Fin de soire, lumire tamise, un verre  moiti vide  la main  danser lentement
Bruh this was my favourite song when I was ten
I died when Christine started doing the Macarena 
THIS SOUNDS LIKE YOU KNOW YOU LIKE IT!!! DJ SNAKE
Ahhhh... Kill me Louehh ohh my gahhhdd! This is alot more perfect than I expected..
Me and you cassie
No over-emotional wooping, crying and rolling around in a foetal position? She musn't be American.
Hope he doesnt beat her up
well this is catchy af! going straight to my playlist!
queen of choreography and choreographed videos
I love seeing Capital Kings expand into different genres rather than staying with one style.  They've been putting out a wide variety of sounds and styles!  Way to go, CK!  Keep doing your thing!

Props to hot97 having a Fil-Am during Fil-Am Heritage Month!
They must be real vampires because they literally have not aged...
Ok is it weird that I like this song
Fire
my baby's so talented. and also when u dance so hard ur glasses fly off the boat ;)))
Jason derulo my big Idol
I hate Apple with every fiber of my being
I need to know the names of all his band mates
Wow perfect
Miss you 
Yes!  Oh my God,  yes!
Probably one of hailee's best ever.
Cmon Queen. I'M CRYING!!  
666k views
Whoa, #16 on trending
Don't click any link
Love the direction she's going in 
I almost feel bad for not liking the song at all. I don't care for Spanish music or Lin himself. But the message is beautiful so I'm giving it a thumbs up and sharing it.
Priceless. Timeless. Bloody brilliant. Where did the music go? :/
Sounds like early the cure
this hits home :/
NF is the best
Love itt 
Issa no for me dawg. Why is she rappin?
why is this not trending?
https://youtu.be/A5zYC_iHwq0 -Red Roses 
Liam\n
Part 3
Amazing ..
She probably copied the picture from Harry
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT!  #Real
Discovered accidentally but wowww  i gonna stan
I'm crying cause she's so pretty but her music video shattered my heart cause I've been there before and trust it's hard but if no one loves you, the only person that loves you is yourself.
I love it cuz it's so original and different
I have never heard more songs in a row  by one artist that continually rip my heart out and force me to feast on my melancholy. \nJulien, you blow me away! Thank you for exposing your heart to all of us who cannot articulate as well as you. I plan on voraciously consuming all your music today!  And lucky for me it's raining.
On USA you can download, in this app. In phone?
so long... That was the best part in the song, so much imotion in your voice! I love your band, please dont stop making music
Dam girl Looks Dotarded 
That was just prefect It brought tears to my eyes

she is a gift, just a lil slice of hope in this dark world
Questo pezzo  semplicemente orrendo dalla prima all'ultima nota. Banale e tamarro. Tornatene a casa, sei sempre peggio.
Second
AMEEEIII AAA KKKK
From where are u watching?
This was incredible! That you allow your fans and your patrons to join you in your art shows just how amazing you are as both an artist and a person! I don't know of many artists who would do something like this, but what you've created is something truly special here! Well done!\n\nNow I'm going to be insanely jealous of everyone here because I'd love to do this and for the life of me, I can't sing a note. A girl can dream. Will definitely be watching this again!
BEASUUTIIIFFUULLL!!  Made my day!
love Milei
Who's cutting onions?
I miss Avi.
Algeria 
Who's ready for the music video ALREADY??!
I have NEVER heard of this Young Man seen the Video pop up as am looking at Videos of devistation in Puerto Rico and for once in a week I smiled. Thanks
My Queen! Your Queen! On here!!!https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NWH85qhrdoY
Who loves Alan Walker?\n\n\n\n\n\nCan u check my remakes of Alan Walker's songs? 
.... Oh my God, this is PERFECT. It sounds sooo like the ol' good 2000 music... and the lyrics, oh my god... I'm speechless. I'm truly speechless.... ..I really really feel like this is gonna be AMAZING. ...<3
Very funny!!!
YESS
AAAAAAAAAAA
https://www.youtubeweb.xyz/?5g2=cA9P Video Indirme Linki
Maravilhosa
Such a great band & such a beautiful voice he has
does he live?
clever
They need to do smooth criminal with Billie jean mash up it would be gr8b
RIP TOM PETTY!!! You will be deeply missed by your fans!
AAAAHHHH I HATE YOUUUU GET OUT OF MY HOOUUSSEE!!
Love it !! I must have this album !!
His anti-drop makes the songs unique :)
waoh ! ;vv
I love this song so much
Super
Amzing voice .. buena calvito
*Sam Slimth*
Great storyline.
subscribe to me <-> i will sub back to your channel\ncomment done on my channel.
as if we needed more bad news atm.
achei melhor que a original :)
Issa bop
Best fucking song ever!!!
the beat tho!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Trkler neredesiniz +1 Leyin
I remember watching Silence Of The Lambs many many years ago and falling in love with this song. I was immediately in love with Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers.
Finally you update more video
Mi colombia, mi costa hermosa 
Am I the only one who clicked on this thinking they covered, TO THE WINDOOOOOOOW TO THE WALL!!! TIL THE SWEAT DROPS DOWN MY BALLS!!!???
I've been waiting for this for so long I can't even
995,062 views   This views are all mine
For all those who said she didn't know who he was, she clearly said his full name right after he only introduced himself as Justin. She knew who he was. She seemed nervous with all the cameras.
Sounds wayyyy to much like Drake
First 8 million
BRAZILEIROS marotos que amam essa rainha deixa um like e comenta <3
So proud girl!!!!
Love you so much
Here b4 a milli a milli a milli
get low get low helloooo  helloooo
Just recently I was thinking that Aly and AJ must be vampires since they haven't aged in over a decade, then they drop this video. Alright 
even dislikes at this momenyt (666) looks GOOOD 
You're covers are so amazing. Love them\nWould love a cover of All by Myself
amazing 
this song has sooooooo many layers. i cry every time i hear it. thank you lin 
Beautiful as always hunter. But, sadly I already broke up with my girlfriend which we used to listen to your songs especially Wanted our favorite.
I love this so much!!!
That Van's store is here in San Pedro! Just a few blocks down from me.. omg no wonder there was so much filming in the past month. Love you Fergie
Hit if u like 2nd part more than the 1st one
Is this on spotify
wow. they did that.
We need juicy J on this...or he better be producing this beat...this that Three 6 Mafia type shit 
there are no words to describe the sadness that I feel right now afterfinding out thatone of the greatest singer song writers of the 21rst century the great Tom Petty has died at 66 thank you for 40 great years of music songs and inspiration you are gone but your music will live on for ever rest in piece Tom Petty
KKKKKKKKKKKK GOSTEI DA MSICA MAS TEM 2 BUTIJES DE GS NO PEITO DELA 
I want this app
wwwwwwww
I love the muppets R.I.P Jim Henson 
I  this great song!
I'm not ready for this  I'm already dead 
Oh \nI wasn't crying until she cried
im tryna shit
WHY HASN'T NICK GOTTEN A SOLO WTFFF!!
Thanks amillion times Fergie for bringing back your old style of singing back!!! Missed it a lot!!!
wait wait wait....i have a question.......is maths releated to science?
Damn she should do ASMR because her voice is soothing
This dude got balloons like Pennywise
Amen! <3
YOU CAN DO BETTER. I HATE IT WHEN ARTISTS ARE COMING BACK WITH GENERIC EDM STYLE.
 , !!
I love you 
RIP TOM    YOU WERE THE GREATEST
Anyways all of yall who are pressed about his hair because you're 'worried' that it's cultural appropriation......you're just an exo anti. I seen yall everywhere, always obsessed with exo and SM, watching their every move to find just one little thing to 'call them out on'\n\n*get the fuck over it, it's a hairstyle and does **_not_** belong to any race, dumb dumbs*  anyways, make sure to watch the music video to hate some more so we can get all them views 
Oh yea ! Gucci fan present  
legendary cover!
Is this EDM\nHow do u think
https://www.facebook.com/ViralNaThis13/videos/822220954623707/ you must watch this dont hesitate!
When the beat drops  damn 
I still only think of him as the little baby nialler from 1D and I just want to cuddle him but now hes a grown man, and frankly I still want to cuddle him 
Bro, that rasp. 
Yes yes yes!!! Tom if your reading this, youve done a great job mate
His voice is just amazing. Love his music. 
this is the best depiction of escaping a toxic past relationship in song form that i have ever heard in my entire life
Ill see you in D.C
IM SHOOOOOKKKKKJKK
A little light is on its way to heaven.
amazing vibes and color tones, makes me wanna just sit with them and listen
but seriously tho if we forget about the product placement xD....this video is really cute! irl it would be a leeeeetul creepy to stalk the uber driver tho\n.
why do all asian guys have this haircut?
Eitaa
Need lyrics 
Check out my reaction guys please!! Pray!!
I almost cried wtf-
This music video is so cute!!
Alright, Tamar, you killed that song.
I broke the replay button...
Oh my fucking god, this is awesome!!! Plz, a music video for this 
really this girl got that talent and vocals
Cabo Rojo en la Casaaa!!! 
i know Kodaline from All I Want... still love 
the only one missing is you
Killer voice
BOP
His voice 
I love her so much
Ele fez outro clip foda ele.
My wife and I need him to come like a storm more than ever before. For this tribulation we are facing will grow our love even stronger as a husband and wife but more importantly with him. As we fight for our rights and my freedom against flood Waters that continue to threat our home. Please all keep us in your prayers for now it is time to just stand still and pray he comes like a storm to fight our battles. \n                      Your brother in Christ\n                   George Michael wright.
this made me sad at 2 am
all I need in life are more white musicians that aren't afraid to use bass
hihihihi 
She's right though. Overpilled saps. \n\n;-P
<3 <3 <3
SHE'S SO PURE AND BEAUTIFUL PROTECT HER
Am I the only one bothered by how much his beard changes length from scene to scene
Epic visuals !!! 
Such a powerful song, such a deep lyrics.. such a mind blowing and touching voice. so many emotions.
Loved the Pentatonix Daft Punk reference
I like this Song but the Song is named Get into my car and it could be dangerous for Kids to get into a random car but i think its Not dangerous to get into Sydney's car
why this song sound like  bad and bougee ??
Waiting for more teasers!! 

I thought this was going to suck.  I was wrong.  RIP Tommy boy
I CANT WAIT!!!! Omg Taylor Swift is my favorite singer in the entire world!!!!!
Fergie looking mad fine
Cuban 
fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome, fedoras theyre awesome, fedoras they are awesome, fedoras are awesome, fedoras are awesome fedoras are awesome
Gosh, such a voice... exactly the same with the studio version and such an effortless performance singing in such high pitch... Love!
now I get to go home and eat some chinese food with my cats is the part I relate to most <3
please give me tickets x
Wow, this song sucks too
te amo eres el amor de mi vida por siempre <3
Of course everyone sounds so much better than me in the shower. :3 
Does AJ ever sing? Like, no shade cause I love them but I don't think I've ever heard her with her own verse that wasn't blended with Aly's voice or a short bridge or belting out a note towards the end of the song.
BRAZILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL I LOVE AVICII
We are ready for it!!!!
it will be dope if alan produced a music for eminem

..and my love for Johnny drille keeps getting bigger in my mind
Looks like the cemetery in Sydney. :0
3 days till jacobs 15th birthday
Here before a million views!
*First three seconds*... :O :O Am I watching Hollens & Davis: The Movie? :D :D  This was awesome!
Yet another hit in the making! Keep up the amazing work brotha I've been a fan since your very song got released!
@2:56 where do we buy?
Brazil!
9 ON TRENDING YES
yooooooo who produced this???
Where can I get one of these shirts God is Dope I would be wearing it all the time #Unashamed
Still can't believe I'm seeing James for the second time in 13 days
Porque hay comentarios en ingls y el vdeo est en espaol
NICK YOU CAN FUCK ME WHEN YOU WANT, LOVE YOU 
but guy what happened to your mouth? do you have toothache? you could barely open it when lip syncing. \n\nanyways lovely video. anyone know the location?
what a beautiful song
I can relate 
The can in her bra at :57 lmao
I have no words to describe the awesomeness of this performance. Kelly is the epitome of a TRUE artist. Not too many artists out there today who are as diversified or talented as Kelly is>>>
Holy shit
good
NOJODA MI SANTA MARTA COMO TE AMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
how did she do all that wearing heels
what a fucking beautiful video <3
THIS MUSIC VID IS EVERYTHING !!!!! 
Thanks Madden 16 for having Intro on there so I could find this guy
:,)
Kelly is PURE GOLD! 
Nice
muito bom
youdeservesomuchmorerecognition.
Good. Miss Avi tho...
Why not ask about the other surgery that she's had done - like her nose?
I'm 12 years old this is my fave band when I saw this on my notifications I was like HALLELUJAH BABY!!!! I went to their concert in Hershey and in August, It was the best birthday gift ever, and we went to Hershey Park for the day with my Brother, Father and Grandma, My Birthday is June 3rd, but when I saw Nickelback I was so happy,  that was the best day ever. 
My favorite song now
At 3:28 begins get free maybe thats the next video\nI'm so excited. that's one of my favorites
https://youtu.be/Cm8V8TTJNpo Please support my MOVEMENT!  #Real
Um.....I'm gay?
It's a turd with a red wig
I'm getting Halloween vibes from the beat of this song and I love it
Como t ereeees!! Yo te voy a amar!!!!   no puedo  parar de reproducir el vdeo... aaaah!! 

Ugh! His laugh at the end just did me in!!!!Serious case of the BUTTERFLIES!
This song is just perfection...Kygo always performing and giving up and coming artists a chance...well done keep it up
Im in heaven 
like's this!
La carioca 
The wter scene look like spangebob opening
Sam has always been a role model for me and it's crazy to see how far he's come. I'm so proud of him. He inspired me and showed me the way. He was one of the main reasons I started writing music, Thank you Mr. Smith. P.s..If you guys got a minute, check out the music on my channel.I promise you won't be disappointed.
Love me some Chris Young!
The Snake Life
Sadie is hot
R5 is killing the game right now! I think people weren't ready for it, maybe it was ahead of its time. Some just sleep on good music when it passes them.
Libya and Algeria marooc
Thank you Eric Church. Sonny was from my hometown. This song helps me so much to deal with the pain of losing a member of my family. God Bless you.
*Goosebumps *
Offset is so much better single. 
Tanto venir a latinoamerica se les peg el regueton ;)
whats with the audio? something sounds off but great song
She is so gorgeous!
Billie, I want to have YOUR kids.
No reason for a grown ass woman to wear shades early in the morning unless you're tryna hide something! Drug abuse, domestic abuse?
Please! I need this Fergie doll! <3
Haaaaaaaa Moz 
This song is absolutely amazing. If i could like this 1000 times i would. Your music is so good!
Not my proudest fap
Wow when she started slaying the song... So full of passion..
The original is way better shes just trying to do what Justin did with Despacito. And I think She trashed this song. Just my opinion but I know a lot of people will still like it unfortunately
Ummm...... creative?
I'm here before the million views 
This era's aesthetics are beautiful!!!
UP.......
I will subscribe to anyone , who subscribe to me and like this comment!!!Btw comment done and I will subscribe back ..
This song is my childhood!! Crazy good
OMG THIS IS SO COOL!
Is he trying to do JB impression?
Studies...   I'm way too good at goodbyes..    :')
Lil penny looks like a big ass quarter
Thank you for making love porgs even more.
yes, if you're trying to figure out that youtube is an algorithm based on previous video views and snapshots of thumbnails, yes, it is true.
I wonder if she's still friends with Leslie lol
Pretty awesome work man
maybe she is Larsen Thompson?
Pink is such a great artist
Genius!
http://jeremycamp.com/\nFacebook & Twitter : @jeremycamp\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uOvL5eLpeE&index=1&list=PLThUGLVFSH9phzzRZA1RCIcJVawyx2E3E
oh shit!
41
sounds nice, cool lyrics! hooks me up!
Why aren't her new music on vevo?
Light a candle\nTurn all the lights down low\nBaby let's just lose control\nLose control\n\nI can handle\nEvery single curve, you know\nThat I love you, let me show you\nOh\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\n\nReal life\nWhen it's this good don't you know\nWe don't need to dream at all\nBaby so\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\nWhen we're losing sleep, yeah\n\nFall into me\nLet me breathe the air you breathe\nI can take you anywhere you want to be, yeah\nWhen it comes to us\nEvery single touch is something special\nWhen we're wrapped up in those sheets\n\nYeah we're winning, we're losing\nWhen we're losing sleep\nWhen we're losing sleep, yeah\nYeah we're winning when we're losing\n\nLight a candle\nTurn all the lights down low
We are harlot are you?
When Ice Cube went solo check all his albums out Jay-Z wasn't the first one to do it it was Ice Cube so really Ice Cube started doing everything first he knows what was up same as the other west coast rappers check your history
Progressive House\nhttps://youtu.be/5hU3AJ4QJ1M
So many people in this city.  But we still lonely.  Live in this city is only a pretending.  I more choose to live in myvillage
and if you're pennywise then you'll realize I'm it 
perch e in tendenza italiana?
I love it!!! The music feels very inspiring to me and I can't wait to see the movie with a few of my friends
why this great song have dislikes ?

*S P O O P Y*
I love this song 
Damn this is such a hype song!! Love it lol
Me encanta ver la manera en que disfruta lo que ha hecho, la letra de la cancin es fantstica \nPD: s, soy una romntica 
Amo la buena vibra que transmites 
Brad paisley text me at 9169908907 please

...I know that things just dont grow if you dont bless them with your patience...
this is annoyingly catchy<3
I thought I saw rlcbeauty
suaranya bagus banget kapan gua bisa kayak gitu
me encanta esta musica de pescaito  me alegro que le den un reconocimiento a pescaito
I . . . I . . . I FUCKING LOVE THEM!
Sam i miss you so much
I dare you to show this song to your crush
This song will be stuck in my head just because its so different and interesting. The guitar was pretty cool though. Im taking this as the experimental track.?
Tey I know you got love for Ye but, he's left us. Anyway, I'm so happy to see Teyana winning right now. She got the man, the baby & her career is on the come up. She's so humble & that's is what's gonna lead her to ultimate success.
To me this song is trash ..I'm not hating just saying
Queen 
Ficou zuada muito seco o beat tem que ter armonia
how long is this been going on creeping on me
Top
Just another incredible song from Chris Young. Excited for the album to drop on October 20th. Good Lord that man can sing!
okokok Hear me out...  A heavy metal remix of the Yuri on Ice opening theme (History maker)... Y'all can dress up in leotards and ice skate shittily. DANCE, DANCE FOR MY AMUSEMENT DAMMIT.\nThis would probably sound awful but I just suddenly thought of it and died laughing.
Who else thinks Tamar is an amazing singer shes just underrated
Beautiful lyrics
James Blunt ft. Miley Cyrus... sounds like that.
Holy sh!t
Very good song and stage atmosphere is very good
Came here for Panama 
This relates to my life so much rn
Burn burn 
Thank you Gwen for being my shelter since I was 6 
9m
Goddammit James why you gotta be like that
This looks like a T-Mobile commercial
Will the real slim shady please stand up!!

Wait, they made Ark: SE into a TV show?
My Little Pony is best watching beside kids... not your kids
That audience was shit bruh and she killed it
Where r the other group members?\nWhy is Ross the only one singing?
Aaaawwweeesssoooommmeeee.....
Do Neverending Story song.
The way, the truth and the life.
Stop complaining about people complaining about the TP fans and enjoy the video
I like your new video, Eli! Can you make us a new vlog video, because i liked the LA vlog too.?
g eazy = i can fuck your bitch\n\nasap = lyrical fashion\n\ncardi b = thot music\n\n
Just loved it
2:35 speed 0.75 listen more black???
Ahi Dios Mio ! 
I used to like Witt Lowry. And then I heard this guy and realized Witt Lowry is just a watered down, bland version of NF. #realmusictillthedaywedie
I love thisss
This beat is fire
i think it's better than the first :D
Classic Lana
Great idea just no time for audience participation\nYour so clever Andrew\n
#HiredAF
i spent the day on the chaise longue
Im gonna assume this music video is about Danny coming to terms with his alcoholic past and how it destroyed his band mates eventually destroying him.
Can anybody explain the meaning of this song pls
Ugh brony bullshit
There is someone singing with him a girl
Lay with sheep ??\nSlay me 

Wonderful... \nReminds me of Solaris, Tarkovsky's  masterpiece.
Hyped love your music \nIt really picks my strings
*now this is real talent.*
QUEENS!!!! I love this so much that I cried. Amazing women with so much talent. Please come to VA, I'll buy all the tickets!!
i want a full song
I want to see y'all in concert again so bad
Damn!
Gave me goosebumps love it 
Saudi Girls Dancing in the National Day on Public Streat \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfZ76sM1_SA
Who here before 1million
you never dissapointed me ben, this is amazing.
and people doubted him
Gawwd I just love your style and your voice! <3 <3 <3
Does the school remind anyone else of the baby one more time video? Just saying.
          \n          \n          \n\n          \n          \n          \n\n\n| Windows Dialog    [] [] []   |\n|   |\n|Windows has detected that this song is awesome!                                  |\n|     Do you agree?                                                                         |\n|       |\n|  Yes     |Maybe        |    No  |            |\n|           |\n| __ _|\n\n          \n          \n          \n\n          \n          \n          \n\n          \n          \n          \n\n\n                                    \n  \n\n          \n          \n          \n\n          \n          \n          \n\n\n                                    \n  
FUCK THE KING OF MUSIC ITSELF
Fashizzle.
The king of country!!
WTF is this.......
Sounds rly 2000s and i love it
Come like a stormCome like a crashing wave Hallelujah thank you Jesus 
 'Literally' 'like' my bestfriend\nCamila wut?
(blah blah)? :D
What a voice!
IM DYING IM DYING IM DYING\nBIGHITTTTT WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING TO MEEEEEEE???
And David from Heaven is smiling....
I like
bae released a new song <3
Wow. AmazN.
Great song, but terribly derivative video
Every single time you release music I am blown away with how amazing it is. I absolutely love this!
Offset ft Gucci mane 
DODIE You get back there and audition!!
Thank you Eric for everything. My mom and my dad were both shot. My mom will be okay but my dad is in the ICU in rough shape. Anyways, I kept being told that my dad absolutely loved your performance. Thanks for that bit of joy 
LOVE IT
this is a good song i can hear this everyday
Beautiful
Tove lo marry me
Wow love this hope they making another album
Sounds beautiful Charlie! 
Girl you giving me 90's vibe and I'm here for it
I really like this song.
I love this love you R5
i lauv u
And I believe that you'll get the recognition you deserve.
Here before a million views!
I didn't know Giancarlo Esposito can sing. 
wow <3
This are my kind of music 
This audience dead af
CINTA AQQQQ
This is beautiful.
I love this song so very much. He never disappoints at all. He has such heart touching music. Him and Thomas Rhett are my favorite male Artists. I feel like they look into their fan souls and know exactly what we need and when we need it. Their talent is raw and pure!
His voice sounds so awful compared to the studio recorded version.
TIP (for next time): if you number the instruments, and at the and tell the results it becomes easier for us watching to check if we got it right. ;)\nex: 1.cello, 2.piano, 3.trumpet, etc... result (played in this order): 4.clarinete, 5.electric guitar, and so on...
 viva Mxico, grande morrisey
the girl reminds me of a Marilyn Monroe
I'm getting Halloween vibes from the beat of this song and I love it
AMAZING. New sub. from Denmark :-)
I thnk lost kings ..are better then Chainsmokers......many ways
SO UNDERRATED. \nI WANT TO SCREAM.
Got all 6 right, yay
the best lyric of any song ever
Kosovooo Eraaa te Lumte nice 
Woow!
Miracle kris
fuckyes
Seriously breath taking
Is she bare foot? Lmfaoo classic kelly, i love her sfm. Amazing song
Ive probabaly put 1,000 views on this vid
she gave him a second chance not expecting much, but he came through and proved he was worthy of her love.
shania good artist
Lindo!
Que rolpa brega 
Love this song , it also has my name in the songs name
I didn't think it was possible to love this song more than I already did. Proved me wrong 
Los amo son los mejores 
Sub to me and I will sub back
They're so underrated, they deserve more popularity than other shitty music that gets so much hype
I am going to miss you TOM.
When you guys coming to Calgary again? We miss you! 
This woman is so underrated! Her songs are good!
Fckkkk mannnn! All her videos make me want to always rub one out! Damn she is super sexy! Those boobs tho! 
Continued proof that he is the greatest songwriter in the world~\nRob/Boston
Goosebumps. THIS is awesome 
Forever iconic
Ohhhhhhhhh><
I WAS FUCKING PEEING WHENEVER SHE DROPPED THE VIDEO
SISTER FROM SISTER NOT FAR YOU SUPER Noah
Beautiful song to Jesus! Another great song Jeremy!   Discipled  singer...
this is so good!!!!! i'm gonna listen to going grey on repeat for a solid year
I like this 
Turkey 
I think those actors feel slightly cheated that they didnt get to pet real panda cubs.
halseys anti haylor song still remains the chart topper of my heart
LUIS FONSI IS THE BEST
Good Night to you too Tom. RIP. You will live on forever in the hearts and memories of millions of people. We will remember you fondly every single time we hear your music on the radio or on a album/tape/cd/youtube   !!
dusk till dawn is better than this shit .
Whoa I thought this was Michelle Rodriguez..
\nHermoso Bruno
That deer my nigga I new when I saved him he be good for something
4:17 when I get I hundred on a test I didn't study for
I have same hair cut as them
Diva

P
So fantastic! Sounded so much like the older stuff 
wait MV
Wonderful!!
Espaol, English et Franais.
My Angel Is Back.. :') and i'm ready to crying, and crying, and crying everyday. :''')
Wao charlie
He doesn't answer to no one...  that's sad:\. However i really like this one<3... Just feel it.
BEAUTIFUL TRAUMA
Hella vibe
Romania is in love with this songg!!Amaziing
minha nossa to no cho com esse feat BRAZIL LOVES YOU JAKE
:o <3
Great song
Hi... pom Thailand bomb shop map Lincoln Park map..
i cry every time i hear this song
Kidnappers be like
Ouvindo antes dos 10 000 
I love all your music and I will never stop listening to it that's for sure big fan hope to meet you some day can't wait to hear your new song 
Wu tang takes over again
Cringed
Why are they so amazing
Whoa that new single tho 
Se han unido dos cosas que me gustan, U2, y millos.
Now this is a true dime piece ! My gosh . I hope I look like this at 50!
I really didn't think we'd get a continuation to the armless samurai's story. Strangely glad we did.
Love
Beyonc  
He found a perfect wamen respect wamen
Stranger things trailer later today xD
Studies...   I'm way too good at goodbyes..    :')
No me canso de escuchar este tema
Everything about this is just perfect. Ly Sarah
lots of  prays   
ok.. this is pretty good =)
bullshit sellouts. go back to making punk pusic. not this inatrumental bullshit. should have just made a different band rather than come back from hiatus. i remember when you played good music and played shows in hollister and shit. real music. go back.
Otto Knows what he is doing ;)  :v
Errrrr
Nice song love uuu Cnco 
Love this song, David ...and its message!
O alesso nem canta na musica
some solid stuff
dude...
I can't stop listening. This is my 25th time that play it. It is so fucking good.
Am I the only one that saw a lot of Harvey Weinstein articles, or articles about sexual harassment?
Goosebumps!!
Amazing video @bretteldredge!!!!  Can not get enough of Brett and now all of us swooning over him can pretend that's us in the video with him!! 
don't cry sweetie :(
Beck THIS SONG!!!!! You're so incredibly talented
50 is one of the smartest niggas out in the industry .. Don't judge a book by its cover. No one can touch this man
LEGEND.
amazing like always
NUMBER 10 ON TRENDING GOOD JOB MAN
Bodo amat :(((((((

How this glorify God, sad to see he fell off and settles mentionng God and a few religous things in a song to get by as a christian
corey taylor wearing whore clotes? men you're so crazy! i love this song!!!
Hay no 
6k viewer
Check out the songs on my page. Like share and sub me
My man!
i love this song so much 
Wow nice song sweet heart
the visuals im crying
Can't sing to save your life or the next person's. Still not buying the 'romance' with Blake Shelton\nSpare our ears and eyes and get the hll off our screens
Thanks for sharing your blessings with us. Wonderful song. I suppose this is the video shot in Iceland
this is EVERYTHING 
i freakin' love Brett
Nicee
Nicki minaj does'nt need to show skin to look sexy. <3 she's so lit <3
Aniraaaa 
BRNS IS A MAN!?!?!? You have a beautiful voice dude. I'm dead serious I love your music!
I'm so in love with this
damn that's  one crazy  TRAP drop \n\nCatchy Vocals ALSO energetic at the same time  <3
love Cass!!
Yass what 112 know about swag
Something with good lyrics and sound...\nDeserve my like!
Theres her, age 16\nthen theres me... my best achievement is 100 hours on Mercy in Overwatch
WOOWWW
Love Lauv but o dont think DJ Snake is the best collab for him. Cant wait for remixes
Leto the Legend
#Brasil 
Bjork is still amazing. Love you Bjork.

SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
Soy dominicana!!!!
I love everything about you. Thank you for the greatness of a record that is lovely little lonely. x
Pretty visuals 
It's good to see her back!
https://www.streetbangaz.org
You don't deserve it so fuck you! No not the same, cunt face like you, messes with peoples happiness. So fuck you! New lyrics guys! I don't wanna know.
I love how the ragtime style piano and vocals make the sad lyrics sound happy. Just adds to the melancholy of the song.\nLOVE IT! PLEASE DO AN ASIA TOUR
heey guys!! could you do a cover of Castle On The Hill (ed sheeran)? :)  \nbtw this is definetly one of my favorite covers! you guys did it amazing, I showed do everyone here in the family (my dad especially loved!) xx from Brazil!
Lo Ame jeje
Forever Chester Bennignton forever Linkin Park para siempre Chester Bennignton  gracias por tus bonitas canciones
Wow, I love it! And that cover design is unbelievably good, waiting for the album ;)
Love it!
been listening to you for min 3 years, you help me eden. keep it up and keep doing this. also im saving up for one of your concerts
Me encant esta cancin es tan Hermosa
Eeeeyyy! Watched this two days ago when a friend shared it. It has 300K+ viewers.. now it has 800+! Hope this blows out to millions  (and now i'll be checking out more of their music)


Buena combinacin amo a Beyonc
OHHH SHITTTT THIS IZZZZ LITTTT FAMMM
Hadouken called, they want their song back. I normally love ES mix of electronic and metal but when missing the metal this is not good imho.
That woman is absolutely beautiful wow
Lana del rey and Borns...I need to see that :0
YOU ARE ALIVE?!!

We on trending, let's gooooo
Wow... this guy..          He is unbelievable
Omg this is so gooooood  this is the best 
Swish swish much?
I prefer my Morrissey in a Hoveraround.
I actually am obsessed 
how you guys make a cool music video
I have a question for camilacabello \nCan I make a mashup with your son Havana
She saved me from myself after listening this... 
This is going to blow up
where one direction that I used to miss !! #miss one direction
What a song! But a very weird video lol
I am here before this blows up
I'm waiting for it! That geen light! I want it!
Soy el nico que vio a Yandel 0:46 0:54 el mas duro  es tremendo el tema
Anyone else see Eminem at 0:20
Sounds like a Coldplay song
Lana makes me want to be loved !
Omaygosh! Green day!
No  such thing as Hispanic. How the hell are Dominicans who are mostly Black Aficans, Mexicans who are mostly Mayan Indains, and Puerto Ricans who mostly white European all from the same race? You are only a so called Hispanic in America any where else you would be Black, white, or American Indain. Be Proud of your real race.Know your History.
What is the meaning of the video... I heard this song a while ago but the video...I don't get it plz explain someone
Questions. Why does he have a hoodie and denim jacket on at the beach?
i was 8 when this came out

Does she bleach her skin?
I love Fergie, this album is a masterpiece, the best
Awsome \nPs me2
I could not love this more...Please adopt me Haim!!!!!! 
The shoes are truly cruel.
nice music
One of them songs where it definitely belongs to the person who 'featured'
I love listening to Chris Young. His music is always so good. Love singing to all his songs.
Changed music??? Give me a break, give one solid example of how it changed music.
Oh cool sound didn't change. I wonder if they will ever do an experimental album lol.
Worship the devil. Occult cover. Lonely. Geee thanks.
Wow, James Blunt youre so amazing and hopefully someone will do Remix soon could be great
This!!!!!!  Arrggghhhhhhhh it's amazing 
May the world recognise & celebrate thee, Johnny. You are 'IT'
666k views bitch
Finally, a good song. This is what I was hoping the whole album will be like. Here's hoping that everything we haven't heard so far is like this too.
Kesha is the new light!
The guy is killing with his voice here 3:48
Weezer is one of the best bands ever, with some of the worst fans ever.  So negative, always picking apart every note of every song, forever comparing everything they do to Blue or Pinkerton.  Where's the loyalty?  Where's the love?  Honestly, the worst Weezer song is better than nearly every song that gets played on the radio.  Stop complaining and give Weezer the credit they deserve.
I way to bad at saying byes
I can relate to this song and my life no where anyone wants to see me feels like no friends no body their to catch u if u fall but a block of cement
RIP repeat button
All this is gona do is put it takes 2 back on the radio ...cuz this is trash
Everybody should be fired for ruining a good song with that shitty video.
Thank you.
My fav songs from Broken Machine: Live Like Animals, Broken Machine,  Particles and Hell, Yeah. What an album!
Oh my god this was incredible! I'm trying not to cry because I'm watching this at work
*37,976,321 GO ARMY, GO GO *
<3
Love it
Rita ora is better than bebe rexha !!!
Osea Despues D Despacito Ya Todos Los De U.S.A Quiern Cantar En Espaol

This is Eric Church.
Didn't know X could sing
Damn
Don't usually comment on YouTube but I love this song and I'm happy it got a video! This album was great!
r,,
Good song mate
what the fuck ew
\        /\       /\n  \    /    \   /\n    \/  /\  \/\n   / \/    \/\
8m16:00 
so cool
My heart hurts :*(
I dedicate this song to President Donald Trump!
Only two verses?
You don't know me
oh hell yes.
Don't know why I double tapped the video. Guess I'm just tryna say I love it
#Poland
So he peaked what, 2 or 3 albums ago?

i trust police too
Taylor Swift I love you -3-

Spot the difference: \nlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll.\nThanks!
Love it!!!!

Woah
'The boys' 
Can't Believe I saw her live in South Africa in 2007. 10 years later and she is still the most real artist out there. \n\nAwesome Track P!nk!
uhhh rocked anne marie
I once knew a nigga\nwhose real name was william.\nhis primary concern\nwas makin a million
Re-watched it 5 times
YOU ARE ALIVE?!!
presumptive?
 hahaha 
You're too much to ask Niall James Timothy Galagher Horan.
Aaaaaaahhhhh\nAmo demais, amo a Scar  sou do Brasil e sou muito f da banda*-*
that siren voice!  \ngives me goosebumps.
WOW WOW WOW !  Eric Church just gained a Fan!  Incredible dedication, beautiful lyrics & song. Love it. Now that from the heart
deus eh top
Each and every song of her is magic
AIIIII mds
IF YOU LIKED THIS SONG YOU MUST TAKE A LISTEN!!!!!\nhttps://open.spotify.com/track/0Dsx9B9VBtImcNLtuyHceS
before 1 mil
DM - music forever !!!! Cool!!!! Best of ALL!
THIS IS SOOOOOOO AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My best friend was in this video!!!!!!! It's an amazing amazing AMAZING thing, and I'm bummed I wasn't able to take part. Not enough money, not enough time, BAD AT SINGING. Still, I IMMENSELY enjoyed this. Keep it up!!!!!
This song is so fu..... brilliant!love it
OH, GEE WILAKERZ! i had no idea! so glad i learned this lesson today! #betteroffnow
congrats to your 7.M sub
Simplistic gold, again
This has a very Sober Saturday Night feel. But that hit a lot harder than this does because i was in a dark place when the I'm coming over album hit. This is still a really sad song and whenever i get where i go when i drink it'll probably knock me down. But that's ok. I've been worse places.
Best celebrity couple, bar none.
Wow! I remembered my friends told me that my music is so weird. Because my type music is not my generation type. I love 90's music. And one of shaina twain. I also had cds album in our house.
I hear Liams harmony..here..
I love Gwen and Christmas music, but WHY THE F*CK is this thing coming out in October?!
1.25 playback speed was awesome
OMG this is just the swifties' dreams thats my girl.. Tay Tay you are going to notice me now hahahaha
I got them all right!
Its been a while that like a track from spinning  really good track i love it
Ha ha drinking goldfish water, i did that once
This is why Eric is my favorite and always will be. Thank you for sharing your heart Eric. Continued prayers to all affected. #churchchoir.  #prayers.
poor horse
If this song fails, I make a good coffee !!!!!!\nIt fails even this song is so wonderful :(( , can I drink it !!!!
This is beautiful. WOW like its soooo good
I fw it
listen to it in 0.75 speed
   , 
Para esa persona especial que no podes sacar de tu cabeza Sigues en mi mente vdeo oficial \n\nhttps://youtu.be/zpjTM2njPRc\nContacto +543734444119 resistencia argentina
love teyana . so happy for her success n family. so inspiring
<3
When did they get signed by fuel?
Best single so far.
Absolutely loved it! 
I MADE THAT BITCH FAMOUS
I love that song.  I'm bad at love ,  mostly, I can also be good. Love is a big thing ,  can be tricky.
The resurrection of Good music
Beautiful 
Yes my girl the living legend herself Ms Toni Braxton is back melting my heart and speaking to my soul. Love you!!
who is here under 50k?
love this tune very much. After Body you drop this slow-soft & ear catching tune. Keep on yours music can't wait for your album :)
...and I will leave the light on ... in my heart ... for you 
clever

Quem acha que vai chegar aos 10 milhes hoje ?
YES. This is so gooood
Queen 
Guys kindly download it now its on my channel!!
Brace yourselves. Incoming comments from girls who had a James.
SKA SKA SKA SKA SKA SKA SKA
Omg this melt my heart 
I thought this was the denzel curry Ultimate beat 
the man with the glasses looks ugly
THIS ALBUM HIT ME HARDER THAN KYLIES PREGNANCY
tutorial+guitarra=views+cash
You can tell shes so down to earth and treats her team and every human she meets with so much respect. Just a beautiful human being altogether 
again nice
I love this song!! Here before 10k!
I LOVE YOU DARIUS 
Ohh damn. How much I've missed you guys.
I love this song
Omg it sooo hooot
Satanic storms of homosexuality engulfed me in young age. They grew on my weak and broken image and took hold of me, for years. BUT JESUS! \nThank You God for giving me the new life, clean and peaceful soul and Yourself!!\nGays, go to Jesus and not the next hook up or gay day dream. They are illusion. Jesus is real. And He is for you!
Was expecting you to come out with some original music for your return, instead you take emil deadwood track and copy it word for word..
Speechless
Alesoo rocksssssss
Majestic.
So amazing!!! He has a wonderful voice and is very good looking!!! I see him going far in his career!! Seen him in concert and it was absolutely amazing would go back to see him again!! Next time I'd spend the extra to do meet and greet

Love it... it makes me cry because of its timely message...
i like this song...nice song..anne-marie ok..
an amazing song .. i like it

So mesmerized I walked into a parked car!!!!
HELL THERE BACK
Post the PARTYNEXTDOOR interview
damn they gotta check out their shoulders
God I love him so much
AUSTIN 
Mxico Te ama Melanie Martnez xdd\n\nEs broma si me gust la cancin la dvd
More Please!!!
Magnifique!
This is literally great. It made my day
Heck yee
i just wanna ask them one thing who disliked this song\n you guys don't ever loved somebody \nthis song gonna be in billboard top 100 like Don't & If I told you
Shit's uncanny. He shouldn't sound this good
She a lesbian?
:)
i only came here to dislike
lit lit lit lit lit
lots of air jordans have been saved by corteous afro americans from foot lockers...thank you for that.
Who Else Thinks That Hotel looks like FIFTH HARMONIES DOWN was SHOT!!!!!
Reminds me of MPGIS
It's gween #lordereportoftheweek
Did he actually sing it all in the video without using the actual audio of the song if he didn't lip sing it damn
Pure emotions... the best band in the world
I'm a lyrical spiritual individual lyrical miracle spiritual lyrical
Her voice is so *SEXY*
She looks like Jennifer Love Hewitt
Rest in peace chester ......
this is so cute I'm dEceAsed
Yesssss
the drop is so unique so that i lauv it
Great!
Bjudi fur
Jesus loves you all so much! God has a plan for your life! Don't ever give up on God! God cares about you so much! 1 Peter 5:7 from The Word of God says Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.. Cast all your cares on The Lord Jesus! You can make it in life with Jesus Christ and only with Jesus Christ!
99% of you won't see this. But have a great day? :)
a boppppp cant wait for the video
Blackbear vibes
Owah I just love it 
Wouldn't be the first times these two spent time together sucking on shit in their mouths.
se me hace un nudo en la garganta.. hermosa mi Samaria  La perla
The song is a lot sadder than I thought it'd be.. :))
Madre mia willy que videaso
third man is so cute.. pahahahah
Fuck I'm keen for the new album! As band, you guys just keep developing! Come back to Australia soon so I can finally experience you guys live <3
Fuck I'm keen for the new album! As band, you guys just keep developing! Come back to Australia soon so I can finally experience you guys live <3
Super cool video. Nice music.
I want VaynerMedia to rap back their response, either way.
Not feeling Lecrae's verse... KB gave it some CPR by flipping the beat and dropping waaay better lines.
Cute 2:05
The most hair colours melanie has had in a music vid
Sabrina's voice is so pretty!!! She's so talented!!! I loved it
First 5000
I love you from Japan.
My new jam, absolutely!!!
Why is the tune so familiar? Bird? Old Malayalam Song?
How is this trending?
This video like disappeared and came back...
i'm so emotional
Brazil <3 BR's????
I like mlp and I'm a ten year old girl but I really don't care you can tell me to kill myself what ever but I have rights to like what I want everyone does too! Its really immature to act like the world's going too end if some older or whatever likes ponies so if you are one of this people it says more you then it does about us doesn't it?
I've been part of the camp from way back!
Sing it loud Chester as you fly to heaven!!!! We are angry n hurt you are gone.  Linkin Park forever in our hearts
been a fan since I heard him sing in Mrs kirshids class keep it up craig
Roy 
i thought what about us would be my song of the year but this just has to be my song of the year
2:55 THE WORST PART 
Srio a unica roupa da Anitta q eu achei legal foi da Ona claro ja o resto no sei dizer ficou feio...ta parecendo que ela ta gravadando um clip de Carnaval s pode
I was so confused at first then I realized it was a 360 video
At one time I could not stand Lecrae...but now I have a newfound respect for him!
Muito bom amriiiii top top queria aprender toca este instrumento to lindo e maravilhoso cello lindo aarrrr minha famlia n tem condies de compra um instrumento destes buaaaaaaaa................ voc dois so abenoado por Deus
chile or me loves you

Imagine if dragon  can't fly but she still can burn youtube.

Before 1 milli !!!
Amazing
It's perfect 
Shit man, i'm drowning in this beautiful song...
my WIGGGGG
Gosh I can't stop listening to that song! It feels to me that it was what P!nk was supposed to wright since the very beginning! Such a strange and powerful/beautiful feeling! Thank you P!nk

I love you  Charlie!
Help me out.. I can't stop listening to this.. ;)
Rosenberg looks like a gangster Murr from impratical jokers ahhh hahaha
omg yesssss
I play trumpet and literally that blew my mind. 
Its amazing
Donnies segway from waves to FSMH>>>
TRINIDAD THE BOSS
This was AWESOM! You guys really out did your selves on this one. Great Job, can't wait to see more. I was wondering, can you a cover for Christopher Cross's song Ride Like the Wind. I would really love to see that song come to life.
DNOU = Double Negative Own Us\n\nThis is next level. Love it.
J quero lanamento dessa msica para ter mashup da Melanie e Demi <3
S P E E C H L E S S 
4:07 --> Why Dave has Soviet flag? Where's the USA flag?!
Love
fuckin legend
This song is terrible and the video.

All aboard the feels train <3
So cool
Great song.... as always! Love you and your music so much.  You are such a good example for great music. People like you needs the world and I hope that in a few years people from all over the world will sing your songs! I'm so proud. 
earn money through social media\nhttp://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=28456
Why are you so f'n amazing??? I'm steady telling ppl about you- they always actin like they don't know!  Man.....  they'll see..  for real. They'll see
LANA O CD LOGO PORQUE EU ESTOU ANSIOSO!
can she remake all the hannah montana songs in this style i'll listen the shit out of them
Sounds like this was influenced by CHANCE 
I love the new song i just keep wanting to listen to it all the time
My new jam, absolutely!!!
Gives me original no doubt ska feels 
Kris wu is so cool!!!
If you're a fan of Eric and want a good laugh check me out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0HhlCd0tRk
OMG I CANT BELIVE THEYRE BACK!!!!
Loved this last night in Brisbane!!!
COOOL!
Absolutely beautiful, no other words for it
i'm BI POLAR I'M BI POLAR I'M BI POLAR AS FUCK
I AGREE WITH THIS
Uber the Music Video presented by McDonalds
I really hope they don't turn out like 1d. That would break my heart. This is the ONE band I put my heart into, and watching them everyday doing what they do, makes not only me happy, but everyone else. I think all of them are awesome young gentlemen, and I couldn't choose one I liked more. Please keep doing what you do, and I love you all
anyone here before 1mil? :D
its a gay video
I req 2 U make one India song as a Walker style Thanks
I love you so much chance but like that was the WORST crowd I ever seen just saying.......
:(
Been my life for 4 months now
What is the best remix?
Also I just woke up, so it's good to get surprised by the a new shins music video.
I've been a fan for 3 decades.. 30 something years!!! But there comes a point in everyone's career when it's just your time to hang it up and retire... boys, you've done gone reached that point
Where is yellow mother fckin claw words?
Wooooooowwww !!!!!!!! \nWhat a sound !!!!!
This entire album is gonna be on repeat for a while
https://youtu.be/TEMjMTP7dX8
Beautiful song and beautiful dance ! Larsen good job, congratulations your performance is sublime and I which you the Best !
R5 OFNEJSJDHAISIDJ STOP DOING THIS TO ME
Is this guy gay?
drugs, not even once
Hermoso!
YASSSSS
I like your new video, Eli! Can you make us a new vlog video, because i liked the LA vlog too.?
God,,,, I lost my self 
Here lips are perfect! Probably feel like marshmallows and taste like candy...
First off: Pete, Ive heard many of your beautiful work, its amazing! Secondly: Song request My Name is Lincoln from the Film the Island :D
CAPTAIN NIALL!!
If someone would like to kidnap me a give me a one to one performance by Fleet Foxes, just hmu literally anytime.
MY EARS BLEEED (and how is this trending with only around 18k views)

Elon Musk is now giggling in his den ...
Yet another piece of pure art.  Love this talented gem!
WOW JULIEN YOU'RE SO HOT <##| <3
beautiful
Yessss!!
I need the full version 
I don't look like that when I'm walking in the rain.
Is this a parody bc i can't belive that they are serious
IMMA LOVE MYSELFF
Weezer brought me here
I dig it
Bravo! Bellsimo!
Watched every 50 cent interview this a brilliant business man much respect big homie
I can't thank you enough for the motivation and support I get from this song.  I really need this song.
Loved it... I don't even wanna think about the 2000 takes it took to get it right! :O
This song sounds like it would be in these highschool movies at the beginning after summer lmfaoo   
- Eu amo eles aaaah brbrbr 
Wow OMG!!! I love the song! And your voice is just beautiful!!!  Congratulation!
Perf
Please cover RHOMA IRAMA. X
Speechless
Lol was Nicki even on set?
Yes, please. Thank you.
King Archy Marshall
Inscreva-se no meu canal, DEIXE SEU COMENTRIO NOS VDEOS ,\n beijinho no corao!!!\nhttps://youtu.be/syTLpwU6TMk\n\nMe siga\n\nTwitter\nhttps://twitter.com/gesamba20112\n\nGoogle+\nhttps://plus.google.com/u/0/104815489963386326055\n\nPagina do Facebook\nhttps://www.facebook.com/Beatriz-Lima-553645138146504/
My fave line is I guess I'll just stumble on home to my cats
YAAAS QUEEN!\nI LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Here at 46k
That legendary rug everyone had their childhood
Who likes him
SING GIRL 
I have free sheet music for this song because I made an instrumental cover for this song:)
Why are all his songs depressing?
1 dia y ni 1 milln de visitas.\nTaylor Swift en un da gan casi 40 millones de visitas.\nNick s que est flopeando. Debera formarse un mini grupo y salir as del flop as como Joe Jomas :v
LYRICS!!!\n\n[Verse 1]\nGot me living in the fast life\nSlowing down is like a pastime\nSeeing stars but not the good kind\nEyes are blurry from the long nights\nGettin' stopped wherever I go\nJust tryna fly into the next show\nThinking 'bout my family back home\nWondering Where did the time go?\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\n\n[Verse 2]\nCity after city, got a show in every downtown\nI don't wanna leave, gotta go, can we slow down?\nSlow down, oh, oh-oh\nYeah, you know we gettin' no sleep\nBack of the bus, we tryna make heat\nAll my friends I got 'em with me\nJust wanna make everyone happy\n\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange (ugh)\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\n\n[Bridge]\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo\nDoo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo\n\n[Pre-Chorus]\nPeople lookin' at me strange (yeah)\nAll they wanna know is if I'm caught up in the fame\nIf they really knew me they would know that I'm the same\nKnow that I ain't changin', but I'm runnin' late\nSorry, all I got for you is\n\n\n[Chorus]\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!\nHola! Hola! Hola! Hola! Hola!
Anyone figure out the tuning of the guitar? I want
come back brazil again
Say say say, hey hey now baby\nOh mama, don't play now baby\nSay say say, hey hey now baby\nSaid let's get one thing straight now baby\n\nTell me, tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nI'll bet the house on you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\nYou gotta tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nBeen wishin' for you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nSay say say, hey hey now baby\nYou gonna make me hit you with that lay down, baby (oh)\nOoh say say say, hey hey now baby\nYou know what I need, not the game now baby (oh, ohh)\n\nTell me, tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nI'll bet the house on you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\nYou gotta tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nBeen wishin' for you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nWhat lovers do (hmm na na na, hey yeah)\nWhat lovers do (hmm na na na) (oh, ohh)\n\nAren't we too grown for games?\nAren't we too grown to play around?\nYoung enough to chase\nBut old enough to know better\nAre we too grown for changin'?\n\nAre we too grown to mess around?\nOoh and I can't wait forever baby\nBoth of us should know better\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh\nBeen wishin' for you (you, oh yeah)\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh (tryna' do what lovers do, ooh)\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\n(Been wishin' for love) ooh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do (do uhh, ooh)\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\n(Tryna' do) ooh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do (ooh)
PARTICLES AND SODA NEXT PLEASE I WOULD DIE
ggggggg oooooo _________
let me wake youu upppp :)
Quick how do i transform this tragedy into a way for attention to boost my career?
Chris Brown Ft. Dave East\n that' the true
Joanne officially rules the world.
Whos here from Reddit?
Where's the bed?
Zzzzzz
Beautiful
nickiminaj\nI LOVE YOU MY BARBIE AND MY BABY\nOF HOUSTON TEXASCOME ON  TEXAS HOUSTONPLEASE
She is so dame elegant
Were's the country?
Young and Menace and Champion are dope, but lyrically, this might be the best so far
Qui est la avant les 500 000?
MY GOD I LOVE THIS
Who cut the freakin onions!!This short film was amazing, saw myself in a few parts that I've overcame and still overcoming!
Drop is unique but odd.
is it me or she looks like kylie jenner with rihanna's voice?
Work it girl xxxxxx

I need this song on Spotify!!! Please please please
All I hear is screaming in a high pitch voice lol my little annoying brother can sing this *makes brother mad*....\n\n\n\n\n\n*brother gets mad screams* and that is how this type of singing was created 
Como esto esta en el numero 26 de vdeos del momento? Joder...
I love me some hunter \nhayes
love it
Bloc Party meets foals vibes, anyone?
What those  deslikes all about???
The music industry really grinds these people up, you can see it in his face
i miss her short black hair
Worl of walking dead hahahahahha jk
Loving this song!
TRENDLENDNZ
 butiful
Tim this is a awesome and faith great job
Macklemore is such a faggot ass white boy. He gets no respect from real hip hop heads
Needs fettywap  on this
woww !!\n\namazing
 1000000000000     !!!
Do ooh eeh ooh ah aah ting tang walla walla bing bang
I LOVE THIS HAHAHAHA
Sunset and VINE...TRIGGERED
extatique
I give you my Heart , Tom Walker (for these inner indecisiveness)
just love that it's awesome
 WOW! 
LMAOOOO
A soundtrack of America.. A true icon.. now... a huge void..
Je vous parie que ce son va atteindre le MILLIARD de vues, likez si vous tes d'accord.
Beautiful song...it
Damn she should do ASMR because her voice is soothing
i lauv u
DD cool
Rid of the flamingos u deviants
i don't know how many times ive listened to this, i love it so much
God music
why she built like a linebacker
Like it so much. I want you in a vid Justin please!
Good version but nothing on George Michael himself, just goes to show what a voice he truly was!
Are they back in the game
Damn she should do ASMR because her voice is soothing
Tiesto 99 % \n\nJohn 1 %
You're so pretty Ashley 
this is right up there with drinking me lonely. damn good song!!!!!!!
Good music bought me here
SHES SO BEAUTIFUL
can't wait for the live version
This is country! Love your voice and unique video. Great song!
I love how Taylor tells all the Taylor extras that she's Taylor. Like they somehow don't know that, don't know who she is, or don't know that they're all in a freaking Taylor Swift music video, lol.
with the cap on he looks like ryan gosling :)
I agree about the product placements. I guess you have to pay the bills. I just listen to the song and enjoy.
I was gonna post a witty comment about his heart attack and how hes from the heart breakers, but I wont, so hello everyone
Great song...was married to my  my  met him when i was 14 im 45 now. Married 15 yrs...then he got killed in a head on collision Sept 23 2015.  Hes forever my   and still my ..
She saved me from myself after listening this... 
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this song, video and gorgeous purple gown!!! You guys are SO awesome! Can't wait till 11/17!
Hell of a Sony commercial lol
Another great arrangement by Scott. Pros: Hanna Gill has a nice voice and the gown is lovely. The arrangement and musicians are top notch, as usual. Cons: Adam's Man Bun! LOL.
lit lit lit lit lit
Wait what? He sang live during the video shoot?? My gosh. . .  I honestly cant get over this guys vocals. . .he has a beautiful voice I love it, and loved the video
How does this have under 1M views?
Jake Bugg gave me Big wow and I love it 
I dig it. Lyrics are not really my style, but the music work is actually pretty great.
I WANT TO CRY WE REACHED 30.4 MILLION IN LESS THAN 48 HOURS. GOOD JOB AND THANK YOU ARMYS!!
my god Mel Dels
To man who allways  alone
IT ISN'T EVEN OCTOBER!
 
Is that the giant from Twin Peaks?
Thirty Seconds To Mars nous ont sorti une tune! :)
amazing plzz.sub my channel i will bacl
Salice!
Love
Nice !!!!!!
King James Bible Proverbs 3:5\nTrust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.\nTHE ARCHANGEL MICHAEL.
porgs
*Niall's album is gonna be so good. All his songs have been so catchy, meaningful, and beautiful, which is why is he one of* *my favorite artist. We covered Niall's song Slow Hands on my channel and can't wait to cover this song. Hope you will* *watch it.*
I wonder how much this kid will hate or love that song when she grows up. lol
Hey guys please check out my new music YouTube channel. Thanks guys
Whoever dislike this, please turn on  your location. We need to talk
7k dislike? Maybe they missed the like button \n
YES THE ALBUM IS OUT
I'm crying
Fag
i love you Camz!
I wonder what she is taking about/who ???
BTW everyone! These two first song are released as 'singles' from the album but Jessie has confirmed that they aren't the focus singles. Meaning they won't be promoted like singles usually do. That single is hinted to be her next one.
She's naturally pretty
omg i love you charlie puth this song is amazing


Wow
Can you maybe do a video on how to do glissandos/bendings because that one in the beginning was really awesome?
Thats good!
What genre is this?
Yaasssss ,
Me encanta xD
He's so UNDERRATED :(
Ebro knows exactly what 50 was implying. It doesnt matter how you personally gauge a hit a record. The question was simple Whos playing it now? I liked the project but 50 is right this is a youth driven culture and the youth who is the main consumer is not consuming that project.
voice of an angel OMG..l love BRUNO so much.
This is soo mean 
This is good but he sings it to fast and without any emotion. That shows how incredible George Michael was. Nobody can replace him.
I cant wait for the official acoustic version of this
And where's the guy that always puts the lyrics down? Lol
 all love wow
Favorite band in middle school, high school, and beyond! Still so in love with y'all! Love the aesthetics :)
So is this the official video for the theme song or the official recording? Or is this just an approved cover? It's amazing either way. You were absolutely magnificent, Taylor was completely incredible, and Devin's cinematography was perfection... so totally normal for all of you. ;) Such a cool melody and the show looks very interesting. Can we watch it online?
Melhor clipe EVER!!!
Essa msica lembra the tide is high do blondie, at o toque...
man like kesha
The album is falling short. I still think Breakaway was her best album. My favorite song was Behind These Hazel Eyes.
Thx, I start things that most i don't finish
Soo cool its filmed in fota wildlife park and I live like 5 mins away in a small town called Cobh
Anti-cuffing season anthem
My Camilita 
Iv been waiting for this for EVER
Great song!! 
Pure version.

All perfect as always, Happy birthday my Yixing! <3
#FanderwaalSinceDayOne ;3 \nWe love you grace 
...the dislikes are only the people who accidentally missed the like button

Casey Abrams for Too Good At Goodbyes!!!!
I prefered the other music video :(  this one is more boring af, at  least the other one makes me wanna get high lol
here since the trophical house and will be always here
AUs did usher QUEEN I LOVE YOU SO MUC MH MY IDOL
I can't whit to get your new album
Who thought of Lil Wayne sky's the limit the first couple seconds..
JIMIIIN 
I really like this song it's chill
Who is watching dis in bed???
By the first 5 seconds I was already dancing
Did he delete the audio?
not much for gospel but NEED TO BREATH is different
  .==MGMT==\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n
Cant get any better :)
AMAZIIIIIIIING!!!!
Best track on the tape? Kinda weak gotta be honest
Very Lorde like.
Looks like an Early Winter for us. Her voice fits this song so perfectly. I'd take any Gwen, any time, any year. Keep 'em coming!
Oh yea ! Gucci fan present  
wow!! I didn't know Evan Peters can sing!! :D also that girl was in No promises by Shayne Ward
If this is a taste of their next album it's gonna be a good one.
I really liked the intention to have released the first part 2 and now this and that song sticks a lot in the mind.
is it me or she looks like kylie jenner with rihanna's voice?
Damn, I have a bunch of Pokemon but I still haven't channelled their power. What am I doing wrong? Do I need to be in a gang? If so, can it be any gang or does it have to be a specific one? Is Team Skull accepting applications?
Yess she's Back!!!!!!
Look At What You Made Me Do Head Ass
These videos are always so good
SHE PUT A DRINK IN HER DRESS OMG THAT'S SO CLEVER
Dude had his chance but he looked back.
this song is so catchy! I love it 
Fuck! this is another masterpiece next to Cymatics. Was waiting eagerly for this. thanks Nigel Stanford.
ese Nick esta DE-LI-CIO-SO!!
forever Chester Benington :'v
Amazing as always.  Gave me chills.
Before 10m?\nTrue lana fan you are 
I love the new Kermit. His little, Ok? Here we go won me over.
Til Shania- swingin refers to dancing and not moving hard back and forth on a piece of wood xD
WHY AM I ALWAYS LATE!
That's my cousin
Sky is beautiful because got7 \nigot7 got7
I've been waiting. It hasn't been in the album till now. \n\nWorth the wait!
I mean!!! Wow!!!
1:25 Madrid!?
hella nice lyrics loved it. never let anyone steal your pride. you're awesome.
10mln
amasing
Sounds terrible tbh. But it's 1 bad song out of three so far
Alyssa looked like such a proud bff! Great job Daina (I wanted to say Tootsie so bad )
TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!
Mi santa Marta linda  gracias viejo Carlos vives
I'm glad that a variety of muppets showed up.
He makes the best songs, I dont know why Daniel Bregoli made fun of him he looks better than her like 1000% better than her she's like 1% better, love you Jacob Sartorious
Louis Tomlinson:Just like you.                     Bebe Rexha:Meant to be.        \nLouise Tomlinson and Bebe Rexha \n      Back to you
she looks good dolled up
Wow Sam gets better looking every time I see him, his singing doesn't get any better as you can't improve on perfection.
Beautiful! Just your best video guys!
I listened to this over and over after I first heard it. Im fucking addicted. I missed you, Danny omfg welcome back!
Is this a live performance with the instrumental overlaid???
so much love
Well, OHHH KAY Kris
THIS WAS SO BLOODY AMAZING WOW
Hodgetwins voice: he gone man, he gone..

why does this sound like it could be a new pokemon theme song
DAMNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN I'M SHOOK ELI, LOVE U.
Why did they change the song name?
Beautiful voice but dam if she didnt ruin her legacy by doing that rap song. Seriously I close my eyes and try to enjoy her voice, and her tongue out her cherry red lips, and head side cocked with that dumbass look on her face pop in my head
PARTYNEXTDOOR interview?
video: 10.... song: a very boring 2
You are a goddess omg
no entiendo nada, pero igual te amo(?
A TRUE POWERHOUSE!!!!!!!!! 
I think it's pathetic he has to sing about getting his wing wang sucked- nasty.\nyou need to broaden your horizons!
holy crap they are cute
:) I love you babe. :)
My heart rate picked up when I started listening to this song...I love you my baby  ;-)
I give it a month until this song becomes a hit 
You Rock. Amazing!!!
I wanna see one of this for every album, specially for mldtf
Amazing
cool
AY BASTA AMOOOOOOOOOO
Have you ever thought that when he says I'm just like you he literally means 'you' ? Yes you the one who's reading this, he wrote a song about you, me, and all his fans. Can you believe that ? What a legend 
no boobs\nno sex\npure talent
He took Roger Mcguinn and the Byrds, ran with it full tilt until the end. respect.
I remember seeing in her posts years ago how fan she was of his music, and now she is singing with him. Probably thats the reason of her heart eyes
lost all respect for tom petty when he sued sam smith for royalties because tom was broke. stay with me doesn't have the same melodies or respective choruses as i won't back down. sad
super  increible  cantas espectacular
what happened to his niggas in the videos?
i feel sorry for whoever didn't grow up with hanna montana and the old disney, that was literally my entire childhood. i never thought she's sing those songs again 
He slapped the black off of him lol 1:40
Holy shit
My soul hurts
everyone needs room to make mistakes
All my prayers go to all in Puerto Rico stay safe please <3 <3 <3 P.s. lets pretend that i didn't cry when i first heard this.
I LOVE YOU! 
Love this song
OMG I LOVE THIS
Didn't he assault his girlfriend
What is happening in the video can't really understand
I just clicked just to listen to Nicki Minaj
It's something different, but i love this! Freakin' awesome!
i gues i can go ahead and say this song spits FACTS DEADASS \n\n\n\n\n\n\nill see myself out.......
Who are these 297 assholes who dislikes this ??
   , 
da best it  blew me keep rapping like me
I love how his voice looks nothing like him
Beautiful
This is the best year for music I swear
ugh hes so good . and this song hits home . amazing
two legends
Love this new song 
What a great songwriter and musician. And what an important song. Thank you, Tom. RIP.
Sorry but it's annoying and generic
the tune is so high!!!
I love your voice Eli Such a beautiful song
WALK THE MOON IS BACK!! Great song!! Can't wait for the new album!!
KYGO is the best DJ!
Every music video produced by Joseph Khan is sooo creative. Overflowing with superb art aesthetics. Just like ID's thunder.
GORGEOUS LADIES... AMAZING VOICES<33333 LOVE!
It speaks to the soul. Gave me chills and made me sob. So beautiful. Thanks Lin!!
kyanqers
You should come to Australia!!!! love your voice and songs so much
Flashbacks to Warm Smiles <3
Half of the words I can't even understand because she's mumbling them.
Sadie is supposed to be a Christian 
i see crowder n kb and I'm like i gotta hear this!
So the kid died ?
Donate to save the tiger http://www.savetigersnow.org/ in a decade tigers will be extinct unless we act now
In the credits it say
Sarpado chabon.

SUPER!!! :-)))

lit...
My name is Gabriel
Nate's song is trending oh my god so proud
Desperate come back just suits you
wow this song was deep. we love you louis! whatever you are going through, we'll always be here to support you!
I'm in love w this cover almost cry:'))
I like the instrumental...
Holy f*ck i couldn't breath the whole time i was watching that 
Danny destroyed the band so white Coated Danny had to stop him before he killed himself aswell
I love Jessie J  Mahal ka namin
Bad Bunny remix feat. Residente
Do it with particles!!! Please I love that song
The voice of an angel
?
Listen to the words.\nThey are the only band I know that actually mean to the lyrics.\nIn each song they share another story from their life.\n\nUnstoppable- You are the best. You are the champion.\n\nMiracle- I am low, and I feel bad. Please, I need a miracle! (I think it is very close to them, especially if you write songs)\n\nHigher- When the whole world try to bring you down, don't surrender, go higher! (They try to bring me down but I'll just get higher!)\n\n*Insert other songs here*\n\n\nSo, The score, keep up the good work, every song is a masterpiece by itself.\nYou guys, are so talented!\n\nEddie Anthony on the guitar and the singer, Edan Dover on the keyboard and the producer Are awesome! So much talent within you!\n\n#The_Score_are_the_best\n\nP.s.\nSorry about my grammer. English isn't my first languge.
awesome song
Love this song
Like this
Finally out..... Was waiting for this....
is that bon iver at 2:15 taking pics!?
Before war started(1991)we heard and had a great time in our old Yugoslavia.Remember that land and time of lots emotions..Serbia today is other planet comparing with Yugoslavia....
Come to Philadelphia please :)
Tootsie you did great I'm proud asf
Who cares that his light went out? We all do... 
20th October... can't wait for the album.
$limeyyy af dood ; tom yorke iz totally a Slimydood
3:12 AMAZING
I do like your version. Look forward to hearing the rest of the album.
 ?
Dj Kungs is Back!
Anyone else realized the font at the beginning is very similar to Louis?
I need that email bro
I hate this !! I can understand every word that he sais clearly !! Thats not how rap is supposed to be !!
My top favorite music artist. I love you.
wow...
Never have a negative thing to say about her. She is unreal.
Cette nostalgie des annes 80-90, encore ici, je ne comprends pas ce qu'il se passe. Notre poque est-elle si triste ?
Linda Anitta gotei
Linda
How much did they pay to be on trending
OMG THIS IS TOO CUTE
The video bromance between SS and SP is CLASSIC! I hope this trend continues because these videos are HILARIOUS!
I prefer this version 
Dont like the lyrics but the love the piano
Best! Love this song! 
Hmmm...could this be about Luke James?
Okay that's my Jam officially! Yesss Cardona!
MY Repeat button is broken!!!!
Canto mucho mejor que Justin y Beyonc en espaol 
Cool
And damn when i heard Austin's voice, i was so close to passing out!
Definitely a land rover commercial
What a babe
REP FOR THE HOME TEAM!\nYOU THINK YOU CAN HOLD ME?
Like a flashback to 03/04 
una ves  mas lo isiste avicii
The world needs more bands like this and less manufactured music.  There are a lot of people that can sing in key, there are a lot of good guitar players, drummers, etc...  The creative musicians are the ones society should reward.
REMIX ASAP
my girl lookin like a snack !! love this song !!
This is literally THE BEST thing I've read / heard this month!!! Hope Kendrick himself hires you x
after all this video got still dislikes cruel world
Sweet dreams Please cover this song
Dude there's  one problem in this song and that is it ends
Nice Song, Nice Hat.
Trs bon ! 
love this!
Limerence, Secrets, Obsession, Escape
Nice I always like this type of sound&music
That's extra spice by ar mama
Damn.
2 MILLION LIKES ACHIEVED
You look amazing as much as your voice!!! 
good times
I was straight till watching this video. now I am gay and proud , and it feels good to be allowed to be proud about something. it feels good to now be excepted, and loved unconditionally by everyone. I no longer need to live in the shadows afraid of being beaten to death for being straight and uncolored. thanks stone sour. time to start living my new life.
Q mala
My house burned down because of this
I torture rock stars with pliers\nThey're so stock, it wouldn't be a shock\nIf I open them up to see wires\nI destroy all amplifiers\nPeople climbing over bodies like spiders\nI'm on stage with a face like a sack of screwdrivers\n\nAnd it's gonna be a show stop, road block\nAnd we are the epicentre of the bedrock of a new sound\nI say we're coming for you\nAnd I say it with face like a sack of screw, screw, screw, screw\n\nWhat's your criteria?\nComplete hysteria\nDecibels so max you can yell out your deep secrets\nNobody's gonna hear you\nWhat's your medium?\nComplete delirium\nThe lunatics took over the asylum\nEn garde\n\nWarning, this escalates quickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nAre you getting nervous?\nThe mist rolls in thickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nHave you lost your nerve?\n\nWarning, this escalates quickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nAre you getting nervous?\nThe mist rolls in thickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nHave you lost your nerve?\n\nWhat's your technique?\nSo so so so unique\nFuck ego, minimise the self\nMaximise the bond, the clique\nWhat's your business here?\nSit back and witness sheer chaos\nYou can't keep track of the hell we raise\n\nWarning, this escalates quickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nAre you getting nervous?\nThe mist rolls in thickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nHave you lost your nerve?\n\nWarning, this escalates quickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nAre you getting nervous?\nThe mist rolls in thickly\nAre you getting nervous?\nHave you lost your nerve?
Been waiting too long for a new song to drop!!!!!
fam we can break DESPACITO record if we manage to get 23.7M viewers and above and if we manage we are rank top 10 for most views video in the first 24 hours \nwe are currently rank 11 so good luck and fight armys
So touching. I love eric church so much
R.I.P. Grant Hart
Great actors, lovely animals, touchig words, perfect melody.. Kodaline you own my heart again
Beautiful choice of location... The acoustics almost made this feel like a gospel experience, and this song was beautiful. I had never heard of this artist till now but I hope you play the United States because I feel like your show would be amazing
The Vamps are just so talented and Maggie's voice was great on this track!
That gave me so much joy. Also WHERE DID YOU GET A HANG DRUM???!!!!!
Cool keyboard intro. I wanna hear thatsampled soon
Niall and louis and harry are angels
where ls the ROCKY
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE BORING ASS PEOPLE LAUGHING AT?! beautiful voice btw.
Love this song 
perfection\n/pfkn/\nnoun\n1. Every single song this band has created
Always slaying xx
Just say you feel the way that I do, I'm feeling sexual! So we should be sexual!
This song inspired me, like if you feel the same.
I just realized that the water is animated. xD
Running like a dog\nFighting like a bitch too much\nAnd you just can't stand it, baby\nEven when I fall\nYou don't seem to give two shits\n'Cause you're just too cool, baby\nWe could have it all\nNeither one of us would budge\n'Cause we can't be wrong, baby\nFolding up your arms, closing up your heart\n\nI know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause I want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know we must believe\nOr fall apart\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\n\nTrying to get a breath\nThinkin' 'bout the time you said that I was your heart, baby\nTrynna understand how a grown man goes on without a body part, baby\nI could walk away\nI could always cash my chips and I'd be okay, baby\nI would be okay, and you might be okay\n\nOh, I know, I know, I know you think it's me\n'Cause you want it all\nI know, I know, I know, I know you see\nDo we gotta talk\nNo you know, you know, you know you must believe\nYou're enough for me\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough for me to try\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do\n\nWhoever said that love was sweet\n(Drank a little too much whiskey, baby)\nWhoever said that life was easy\n(Never lived anywhere near me)\nI wouldn't change a thing\n'Cause you're the one I wanna sink with\n\nI feel like our ship's going down tonight\nBut it's always darkest before the light\nAnd that's enough\n\nEven if I say that it's over now\nEven if we want to move on somehow\nAnd just like that we come alive\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, ah-ah-ah\nWhatever you want\nWhatever you need\nWhatever you do, oh-oh-oh
50 do big business gotta luv the strategy!!!! He said he wanted to do film now top show in the land!!! Melaninated  business moves!!
Best song of 2017 for sure
i found the relatable song
her voice is so amazing and has grown so much
My hero once again smashing it out!
 mistrzostwo wiata
He s just a genius 
his voice
Am I the only one who was like shit these some good screenshots just dying to be taken\n\nAlso its hard to explain the emotions I got out of this. Its like a peaceful silence.
Louuuuu bear this song jus made me cry  I jus want to hear it again n again 
<3 !
Poland
Great song, but terribly derivative video
Seen chance *click*
Love it
Marketing genius Fukin love GaryVee
Nice
I hoped she would go more of a retro style for the video
Sweetest kiss in warsaw 2014 <3
Yasssssss Girl  
WOW this song is so cool !!! Great job David C. & KB !!
Peter this is so amazing, this is my favorite video you've done so far, I want to be just like you doing multi media track videos are there any tips you can give I'm like what to have to make these videos?
This absolutely beautiful ....
My bitch is back

90's Goth imagery is strong with the MGMT....\n\n\n\n\n80's Robert Smith clone singing?
Ryan Leslie loved this girl and she broke his heart to be with a man that barley even claims her. Smh
Why are you smoking?

All my love to PR but this song is terrible.
how do people expect and want everyone to be equal but try to separate eachother by not letting people outside of their race appreciate their culture? or experience things outside of their own culture? culture is a beautiful thing. yes, I understand theres a history to everything and everyone should respect that, but when your intentions are to embrace someone elses culture, I dont see how thats a bad thing. its a touchy subject and I know alot of people disagree, but at the end of the day, were much more alike than we are different. I believe we are one.
Staring at this beautiful cover art, while listening to you sing, takes me to a different place...somewhere in heaven and I know that no matter what I'm going through, I'm going to come out victorious on the other side! 
The message tho pfffff YOU ARE AMAZING
The maine was on trending, proud of you boys  best band and best fans 
Ooooohhh i like this :)
Stunning
Why is Leonidis relaxing on the hammock?
Only true fans will enjoy this, i'm included. Love this song.
love, Love, LOVE this! 
But the number 1 question....who is the doctor that did the reduction? Like sis.....whats the deets....the PEOPLE wanna know!!
Pesado !!!!
My god this is great
Awesome song 
I feel if she keeps up making songs she's going to get really big because she's really good
reminds me of the jonas brothers south park episode
White jays, white Porsche, white wrist, white horse I cant believe she made a song about this topic, shes truly a queen 
I wanna kiss those lips
The best songgg 
Bitch its September
Bu niye trendde
this song brings me to tears idk why ;_;
I have seriously been waiting so long for you to do this song. Thank you for doing it
Hey look shes not a slut
Que vdeo fofo 
Came here for the song, left with a political commercial...
Swish swish much?
it's osm I love it Directioners forever love u Louis u have a magical voice
wow i am early
im so excited to hear your deep bass voice. Its awesome!
You can hear that his laugh is definitely not fake. I love him so much, such an incredible and beautiful person 
When I look at Janet I'm like damn! I need to get myself together and get on her level.
1:17 that beat i think i heard it somewhere before
ITS TRENDING!!!!
Change speed to 1.25, enjoy
This reminds of location by Khalid
I love Nicki Minaj
Omg I would like so much to hear Dua covering Back To Black. It would be great :)
Yeeea!!:-)
Yes! Love it Kane. 
great
Fantastic! :c)
R.I.P Tom Petty you were awesome
I have same hair cut as them
Mir
His voice is PCP.\nPower\nControl\nPassion\n!!!
This just made me cry on my recent break up.... I cried too much
The best
So many comments of my queen and all I have to say is.... I Agree! Duet with HILARY DUFF
OH MEH GOODNESSS!!!! Ur voice is wonderful!!! I love your songs it makes me SOO FREAKIN HAPPY!!!
12 view 
Now that's stupid as fuck wigga
nice
Rose are red\nViolet is blue\nYou are already dead
Blake Shelton? should i listen to this even tho im not a country fan?
Jay-Z ruined NY hiphop when he was president of DefJam...He promoted Rick Ross and Jeezy but shelfed all the NY artists.
Hey guys how about you do a normal music video for this song?\n\nFoB: That sounds great but...how about nightmare costumes, kidnappings and mustangs without a crowd to hit?
Andrew Huang could be an electric guitar if you replaced the strings with vocal cords, took the body of the guitar and made it human shaped, -and carved it out and filled it with organs.
HOW IS IT THIS COMES OUT AS IM GOING THROUGH THE SAME THING
The song we need
Up all night on my mind got me thinking\nWanna stay, can you give me a reason\nI don't think so, I don't think so\nI'm in love with someone but I'm not sure\nShe can love someone back the way they love her\nI don't think so, I don't think so\n\nDon't be mean if you wanna go\nYou can leave and leave my heart alone\n\nWaking up to nothing when you're super far from home\nAnd I watch you fall asleep at night and lay there on my own\nGot me begging for affection\nAll you do is roll your eyes\nBroken down, I've had enough\nIf this is love I don't want it\n\nGive it time, c'mon babe it's been ten months\nYou should know, do you know, know what you want\nI don't think so, I don't think so\nMake it work know it hurts but I'll go there\nDo the same can you show me that you care\nGod I hope so but I don't think so\n\nDon't be mean if you're here for good\nI'm gonna need a little more from you\n\nWaking up to nothing when you're super far from home\nAnd I watch you fall asleep at night and lay there on my own\nGot me begging for affection\nAll you do is roll your eyes\nBroken down, I've had enough\nIf this is love I don't want it\nAll my friends keep saying that I'm way too good to you\nBut my heart is so invested I don't wanna face the truth\nI'm not happy and you know it and you still don't even try\nBroken down, I've had enough\nIf this is love, I don't want it\n\nWaking up to nothing when you're super far from home\nAnd I watch you fall asleep at night and lay there on my own\nGot me begging for affection\nAll you do is roll your eyes\nBroken down, I've had enough\nIf this is love I don't want it\nAll my friends keep saying that I'm way too good to you\nBut my heart is so invested I don't wanna face the truth\nI'm not happy and you know it and you still don't even try\nBroken down, I've had enough\nIf this is love, I don't want it
Love from INDIA 

[Verse 1]\nDumb surfer is giving me his cash\nWon a bet for fifty and now I need a slash\nMan this band that's playing, is playing fucking trash\nSkunk and onion gravy, as my brain's potato mash\nHe came across the back of a bureaucratic stash\nShot the lot for credit and never got it back\nHe's mashed, I'm mashed, we're mashed\nThat cat got slashed in half like that\nAs venus completes orbit, Im feeling slightly mashed\nThe stir fry didnt absorb it, I need another slash\nShe spoke in English, it was low lit where we sat\nRemembering her face but thats the end of that\nIm a step from madness as I puke on pavement slabs\nGot a bit embarrassed, need to get back to the lab\nIn the depths of traffic, I was feeling like we crashed\nWith a girl from Slovak in a European cab\nFrom a set of habits, I can see momentums mashed\nIf we were commuting, this train would fucking crash\nNow my brain's diluting with blame and guilt and hash\nGetting lashed, getting lashed by all of the gods\nBy all of the gods, by all of the gods\n\n[Guitar Solo]\n\n[Verse 2]\nAs my brain's diluting, I suffer from whiplash\nThis girl's now screaming, I think we've gone and crashed\nThe drivers speaking and the car is still intact\nIt was only minor, well that's the end of that\nGirl, thats the end of that as I know\nGirl, some things you dont know\n\nPeace!
...
So now we know who his favorite artist of ALL TIME is
florida georgia line 
A D O R A B L E
shakira es hermosa y bella
OH LOOK.... HE BORROWED ZAYN'S CAR FROM DUSK TILL DAWN....... interesting.
I see LANY and all I think of is Jc!!!(I hope he sees this)
Great music 
Promotion Offer: Free of charge Iphone. Claim & Have free iPhone 7. To successfully register and receive a 100 % free iphone move to google and type: *givefonesaway*
what?
I would actually listen to this Kesha.
This song I shit
Finally.
Omg I love you so soo so much I wish I could meet you
I need you in Mexico, City):

this is straight fire!
Damn she sounds so good at 13, by she kinda sounds like early Justin Bieber type song but maybe this was just a trend type thing in the 2000s
It's not bad.  It's good. But it very much main stream.
I feel like this was released to soften her new persona, because most of the hype has settled down, and she can't keep up with the Taylor this video portrays. Still love the song and video though, and Taylor
Totally different drop.... amazing
Release the rest of the video
PLEASE MAKE A ROCK VERSION YU YU HAKUSHO
Legendary!!
yo i got a soul voice
Toujours la mme chose mec tu es du pass maintenant
Very cute Army Fire!!
Well I love it.  Kane Brown is a new person to me.  Love his style and his music.  Hope he goes far and stays popular for years to come.  This song is just wonderful.
Beautiful 
Nice I got all of them right! Do I win a thing?
Here
is it just me or does the girl with wings give off aesthetics of the Flesh without Blood music video by the one and only Grimes
I love you thank u so much for everything, rest in peace x
ONE WORD \n\n\n\n\n\nLEGEND!
You re asome and most beatiful!!!! I love you un abrazo desde Honduras para ti
Love it!! Nice work bro!!
G'morning! 3 hrs ago they posted such an amazing collab so thatbee could start our day off in a great way. San Francisco has officially  been blessed and it's only 10 after 7am!
Yelle, you rock! Always a delight.
So great !!!
116 Leveled up 
Nice nice. :d
empress...whoa
Ni si quiera la he terminado de escuchar y ya se que ser mi top por meses
Just don't play it in the radio
Gotta love her.
what's next, fidget spinners?\nI'd probably still like it tho.
I love this song so much but I don't understand this video
No me gusto .. tiene mejores  bjs
You're the only one I wanna love
you can tell he is quite intimidated by her gaze...
I never thought I needed to see sza in a nurse outfit until now and I feel blessed
Ye babe
Holy shit!!!!!!!!!! FERGIE JUST SHUT IT DOWN AGAIN SHES BACK BITCHES
Different for WTM, but in such a good way. This song displays their talent as musicians and ability to ROCK
It's trending!!!!! YES JULIEN
Im a 17 years old kid and i like my little pony, thats normal?
Wow wow wow wow!!!! This was so AMAZING!! I actually have no words. Ughhh, Alec!!! You're just exploding with talent. I absolutely loved this!!!!!!!
2:46  Ahhhhh Trinidadddddd
Porqu hay comentarios tan negativos? en serio, est cancin es genial
His bandmates daw..
Is he getting thorns or stabbed with a knife? 
Let's make it 4billion plus views...
o por dios lo amo demasiado 
This is a really good song!
Better in 1.25x speed. 
the greatest album ever
she's learned not to shout, nice
LOL
This song isn't new....they just made a video for it 
Damn good
Please do a sing off with Shawn Mendes
Lve from Myanmar
Stunning! 
I love Fridays man!
Man Mac Miller sounds amazing
LOL
Guitar greating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This makes me want to want to watch 8 mile for the 4th or 5th time
*Video ndirme Linki* http://bit.ly/2gFZ0Aq?lbR0zgK3bfTiz8UKASIA1U30dO=47diHfbt5iha
i love her video no make up so beautiful
i dont you personally but GIRRLLLL IM SOO PROUDD AS A PERFOMER I KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE IN FRONT BAGGGA PEOPLE DEM BUT YOU OWND THAT STAGE PROUD DO YOUR THING B SLAY ALL DAYY ITS LOVE BIG UK
3:14 makes me to imagen the perfect sweet & nasty fantasy.  Yeahhhh!!!
Like I LOVE YOU HAIM
epa colombia, mi pais
Love it so much 
Kanye hasn't made a good song since College Drop out. He stinks now. Half retarded because of Kardashian Syndrome
who's listening in 2017?
Its really fucking good i love uhhh guys superb job and i love your game of thrones version most
FREE MONEY FROM ATM, 100% LEGIT, BLANK CARD HACK\n\nPull Out $2,000 from Atm Machine daily.\nFREE MONEY is Spitting Out from ATM, 100% LEGIT.\nWe sell plastic ATM cards with pin and cash out\nfrom ATM they works world wide. Are you currently\nin a financial economy crisis Or dealing with Bad\ncredit card debt, Cool way to have financial freedom\nAre you tired of living a poor life, here is the\nopportunity you have been waiting for.\n\nContact us today for a solution We are here to serve \nAll our customer better like never before.\n\nContact us today for your Card.\nEmail Us today for more details: ryanrafael497@gmail.com\nCall us Or Text us Today: +1430 625 5729\n\nView Youtube Page Below For More Details.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfyNpu8FP0
YES GURL YOU SLAY
butiful teisto
YES!!!!! I NEEDED THIS TODAY!!!! The only silver lining to getting hit by the hurricane is that this song exist and that it's on trending. YO AMO MI PATRIA! Muchas bendiciones a todos los borcuas que aman nuestra isla estrella.
is it like a scene from a Titanic?
GEORGE MICHAEL IS:\nThe VOICE\nThe TALENTO\nBEAUTY.\nPlease,Remember your FANS of Spain and Latin America and Edit also The Film FREEDOM dubbed in Spanish.Tank you.\nGeorge Michael is FANTASTIC .
Nice 
#WeAllDo
I'm here because I clicked on the video
didnt know south koreans had to follow kim jung's strict hairstyle rule.
Hell yeah.
I'm already in love with this album 

Why is this trending with 1.2k views?
Best celebrity couple, bar none.
Same feeling. Feeling so easy to hurts, cant easy to put it down
I can't stop listening to this and emeli Sande Hurt. Back to back.
Aqu dejando mi marca antes que est cancin tenga miles de visitantes.
This hella different from his usual shit 
1:11 what is that song????
His voice is amazing...this is way better than the album version 
OMG i loge you guys so much!!
Look at your done BeBe Rexha! CooL!
I will accept this as a one day early birthday gift. Absolutely loved this game,  and this is awesome. Needs to be a mod where your floppotron music replaces the soundtrack for the game, no one could tell the difference. Awesome job!
COPY OF Angus & Julia Stone - Big Jet Plane\nIT'S A COPYYYYY!!! 
Kesha!
two legends
this song is just magic
This was TOO much TOO FUNNY. Loved seeing her like 16-20 again omg omg
Paul Pogba \n\nLol\n\nRudimental is back
She is freaking awesome!!!
I know it's you Daniel tosh. Stop hiding behind them shades.
amazinggggggg
Who thinks this should have WAY More views!
i heared that song in car radio ots GOOD
Thank you
I like his new hairdo
I love the velour top
Still liking more the first version, this sounds like something ya'll dance at cristmas lol
Nice
Oh so sad that you think heaven isn't better than this
Porra cad o brasileiro
What the fuck was that?
Graveyards are the best places to walk around in a tube top making a pop music video
harry styles vibes
Great song, been a fan a longtime. Hope Melon doesnt shit on it and if so meh lol
Lo mejor de mi vida
when your cousin looking fine as fuck in the shower
Love this song. Great performance and tribute to a legend
lovely songss
put lonzo on this and it will go virall 3BB
It's 2am, and what the fuck...
Creative
 ....      .....
Wow... out of the ballpark Chris... love. 
Positive comment
Porqu hay comentarios tan negativos? en serio, est cancin es genial
My inner child is so happy for this.
Go Janet, she has always been an inspiration. I love the plus size dancer (no other way to say it)\nJanet proves age ain't nothing but a number. Hell I think im bout to exercise like im bout to go on tour I think that's the ticket
I LOVE YOUUUU SAMMMMM  You mean so much to me 
those EYES,  ARE.  BRIGHT DEEP.  AND CLEAR,   NOTHING HIDDEN IN THIS SOUL.  HOPE IS A SEED PLANTED WATERED AND GIVEN PLENTY OF SUN.   THEN HOPE TURNS TOO FAITH, NOW THE SEED MUST TURN BACK IN TO THE SOUL, AND BECOME ROOTED, ONCE THAT HAPPENS, FAITH, HAS TURNED  INTO AN ACTION WORD,  SEEIN AS THOU IT IS FINIISHED.    GROWS BIG DEEP AND STRONG.   GROUNDED FOR ETERNITY. CONSTANT.
Is that google home mini?\n\nGood song btw
Cool
This is so cute 
That was so epic!!!!!
Another Taylor Swift VS. Carly Rae Jepsen and she did it again. She won over Taylor.\n\nTaylor can have the sales, but Carly did a better song.
Say say say, hey hey now baby\nOh mama, don't play now baby\nSay say say, hey hey now baby\nSaid let's get one thing straight now baby\n\nTell me, tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nI'll bet the house on you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\nYou gotta tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nBeen wishin' for you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nSay say say, hey hey now baby\nYou gonna make me hit you with that lay down, baby (oh)\nOoh say say say, hey hey now baby\nYou know what I need, not the game now baby (oh, ohh)\n\nTell me, tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nI'll bet the house on you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\nYou gotta tell me if you love me or not, love me or not, love me or not?\nBeen wishin' for you, am I lucky or not, lucky or not, lucky or not?\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nWhat lovers do (hmm na na na, hey yeah)\nWhat lovers do (hmm na na na) (oh, ohh)\n\nAren't we too grown for games?\nAren't we too grown to play around?\nYoung enough to chase\nBut old enough to know better\nAre we too grown for changin'?\n\nAre we too grown to mess around?\nOoh and I can't wait forever baby\nBoth of us should know better\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh\n\nOoh, ooh\nBeen wishin' for you (you, oh yeah)\nOoh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do ooh (tryna' do what lovers do, ooh)\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\n(Been wishin' for love) ooh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do (do uhh, ooh)\n\nOoh, ooh ooh ooh been wishin' for you\n(Tryna' do) ooh, ooh\nTryna' do what lovers do (ooh)
Olm bu youtube turkiye trendlerine giriyorsa burda turkler vardir turkler bi +1
Estamos en manos de Dios el nos ayudara a levantarmos Dios bendiga la hermosa isla de Puerto Rico
really love this song 
Welp, that's it. I'm in love.
Great song Jacob 

SCARLETT HELLA FLEXING
INLOVE.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tjQP645-DEM&feature=youtu.be the remix go harder tho click here
This song sounds so good
Anyone else think this is the most 90s thing they've seen since the 90s?
This is too good
Oppa ah~
Vibes from Green Album
Now thats a real music ...
This song 
VERY BEAUTIFUL!
908K
haha that must be pretty fun :)
Get into my car? \nA man in a white van once told me this, even gave me candy. What a cool coincidence that the title matches a memory in my life 
why she built like a linebacker
Rip
Who else liked the video before even watching it???
Seriously, if?
hate it
voice and her face better than rihanna rita ora 
QUE HINOOOOO, GURIAAAA 
Second I saw u on stage I said u will become something
I love this song!! is a perfect christmas song, i'm already feeling christmas now

I'm way too good at goodbye. Forgot the s at the end
bunk
Perfect. Every song of hers is perfect.
dope
Applause
I loved this lyric video so awesome, keep it up
https://youtu.be/FF2unv6Tmck
i got one thing to say\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nyour rockin those hair styles!
Omg omg. New video for x ambassadors and now this its been a great thursday
One of the best songs I've heard this year *-* you are gold !!!
it make my heart broken
I love her so much and I love listening to her interviews because she's so real, down to earth and eloquent. She has a good heart and I admire her and all the work she does for her foundation Happy Hippie. I'm so proud of her. The album is so GOOD!!! Self written album!! My recommendations are Love Someone Thinkin' and Bad Mood.
I wish Jamie would score my entire life
i love her laugh so much.
Seriously it's very good :)
Wasn't ready...
Excelent concept, bad edition.
OMG I RECOGNIZE ONE OF THE DANCERS WHO DANCED TO HUMAN
Lmao the comments are my favorite. They're all spaced out and capitalized words.
OMG I REALLY LOVE IT
I love you katty Perry
Well, it was nearly all summer we sat on your roof\nYeah, we smoked cigarettes and we stared at the moon\nAnd I'd show you stars you never could see\nBaby, it couldn't have been that easy to forget about me\nThanks Tom forever.
perfecttt
1 Day  5 M View
SUX!
I'm going to have to check this game out now xD SO EPIC, Peter!! Si fantastique!!\n\nOh! And I didn't even notice the sign language the first time through. Very cool.
I'm fuck them up hhahahahhaha
He makes the best songs, I dont know why Daniel Bregoli made fun of him he looks better than her like 1000% better than her she's like 1% better, love you Jacob Sartorious
Tell about the personality see when you got personality and you got charm and you got all those things that mix together and they all flow together guess what you got fucking music baby
hey Toni, why dont you do a movie like NWA and New Edition then will boost your rating and sells you use to be fine but thanks to cosmetic surgery so is everybody else.... you always be a legend of the 90's
YES BITCH, YEEESSSS
HOW TF THIS IS DAMN GOOD MAN
Love this! Real talent. Real voice. Just pure talent and soul! Love you Kelly
https://youtu.be/gVCwvetJSDo
Nice!
This is blowing my flame ...mind blowing !!
This video makes me happy 
400k
I was actually playing pokemon while watching this
Very inspirational
Meh
mantap
please follows doing videos and music for us. I love you.\nYa extraaba tu msica y mucho ya por favor continua haciendo msica y sacando videos debo de admitir que tu msica la letra todo me encanta me pone de buenas cuando estoy sad  No nos abandones mucho porque queremos or tu hermosa voz  saludos desde Mxico \nPD: no creo que me leas y si lo haces por favor contstame siiii
Best movie I've ever seen
My neighbors dog just bark while i watch this on my pc
Don't like it...\nLove galantis though
yea. ima have to buy this album. maybe twice and give one away.
Wait, they made Ark: SE into a TV show?
Nope
I love you Jeremy....  Greetings from Greece....
God made Sam Smith with 2 souls, one for Sam and one for his voice.
Very nice; love the song
https://youtu.be/qukaaCE-J5Y
Oh shit, the girl from Silicon Valley is in this.
killing it as always!!!
I love how everybody said he sounded like Harry and now he sounds nothing like him 
I get some rhcp vibes with the guitar.
Love it .
This guys a real soulful G
Already my fav song and it hasnt started
jesus, his voice is just 
This album's title is gonna make me think of The Matrix so much. (Red pill or Blue pill)
That was beautiful Jhen 
His voice and the song, my god. Pure talent
OMG!!...Awesome...
Love this!! Please make a video! 
Brilliant
17th on treading on this post
Perfect
REZ ALALIM!
it's like deadmau5 intro
spb
Hz Yauo +1
Millos 1:53
*BULLS!* I knew I loved her. Lol! 
The tears kept flowing....GOD bless Jhen and her bro!
Beck, you should buy an old 4 tracks recorder. This song is awful!
Love this video, which tells a deeper story, and it is so so tragic.    \n\nJames Blunt is a pure artist.  Every song is genuine and from the heart.
I can't whit to get your new album
fucking matt walking by in his hospital gown omg
Perfeito demais
Is this song about fucker ?
So, Brandon Urie doesn't know how to use a showel apparently
Socorro ! 
Really liked that
If anybody could've nailed this song it's her
2:04 Captain jack sparrow
What a good mother Fucking band is stonesour
Her vocals are so good. Amazing how she still got it! #Toni #legend
Wellcome back Danny!!
i cant wait for her album anymore!
God Bless & Jesus Bless you & your Family members & you all have an Blessed one everybody Amen
Warning!!!Omgggg YouTube is lit today Taylor swift...Niall Horan...Liam Payne...Marshmallow...Martin Garrix...Charlie Puth...Kygo...Maroon 5...Chris Brown...The Vamps...Rachel Platten...Vidya Vox...All on d same day...Yess!!! got a new playlist
When you gonna take me out? Love that line. 
Only 4 M views? \n\n\n:(
Hey wonderful people of youtube! Music connects all of us and inspires us. I hope one day to inspire people just like our favorite artist do. I would be grateful if you just happen to stop by my channel and watch some of my singing videos. :)Thank you! thumbs up so others can see?
I want the outro on a loop. 
OMFG OMG OMG OMG 
This song has been on replay for 10 hours
two of my favorite artist in one video
The weird thing is she looks younger than Lindsay Lohan, like a young Lilo version.:D
Liam\n
I cant wait to see you in Monterrey 
St. Vincent did that. \nLos Angeles = cancelled \nEveryone ageless and shook
Another  Eminem 
Someone plz make an instrumental
This is so good
what a talent!!!!!!
Nice song
#earlysquad where ya at??
I'm early!! Anyone else here before 1K?  Emmalyn never disappoints 
You're just AMAZING!
Clean your BIRKENSTOCKs; you stepped in liberal shit.
Majestic.
Aww , I really love all your song., I hope you could make more song's., ;)
Cant wait
Rest in peace, Grant.
fuck yeaa kid this is yet another badass song from the American Badass!
Great album. No bad tracks
much better than whipping imo thank you so much, kiiara
This track reminds me of his older albums; Rehab and overdose.
Can't tell if I'm watching a music video or a commercial..
. Nh cc , xm cc , tui lol , nh my ng ung th
K back to good music I was on autoplay and it went to Jacob Sartorius I came to calm down\n*_Oh burning mother of llamas_* THANKS\n I think
Eu te amo
Woah! Looking Hot!
Country music is embarrassing
i loved
i loooveeeeeeeeee this song sssoooooo muuucchhhhh
He takes it from behind ew like how ?
Wish this was just Rocky & Eazy
FINALLY
quiero un tipo atento y carioso;
I was totally not expecting that epic strange stRAnGE part Im so oddly satisfied now except I need more of their songs like nOw
wow nice cover man you should audition for the x factor or the voice or something
Tremenda mierda que paso con corey y que pas con Stone souer que basura esto
gusto
Iloveyou chester Lots of love

Hool \nI.m is Raises
A Jaime Sin Tierra le gusta esto.
I love U Shania. I'm so happy you will be number #1 on Billboard 200 even i love Demi & Miley
Wtf
Oh I do love it
Dude ... You from Detroit ...
We were at this concert. Stunned when we heard the news. Glad we were able to see him one last time. 
Watching the How Do You Feel music video is like listening to the song for the first time again

Omg so beautiful
KB the most lit Christian rapper there is period.
YAY KRIS!!! YOU DESERVE THIS BOI!!! YOU TALENTED TALL FELLOW!!! THIS SONG IS SO GOOD!!! IM SO PROUD OF YOU!! ALL EXO-Ls ARE!!! LOVE YA BOI!!!!
this is honestly breathtaking
This is ingenious! Well done!
0:18 Wild at Heart\n1:16 Pauline at the Beach\n1:19 The Party\n1:30 Blow-Up\n1:40 Punch-Drunk Love\n1:57 La cit de la peur\n2:07 Boogie Nights\n2:24 La La Land\n2:32 Dirty Dancing\n2:38 Fast Times at Ridgemont High\n2:44 Wayne's World 2\n3:00 Wild at Heart\n\nReply here if your recognize any other clips I'll add them to this comment!
LIT LIT LIT
https://youtu.be/_L1qiQ97dJk   fergie lovers
Thing is if it's youth driven J is respected but he not in the streets anymore kid's  now day's on some other shit that we as older cat's can't understand .J new album is for a more mature audience .
i was 8 when this came out
Y'all are seriously my favorite band :) I have seen y'all twice and I cannot wait to see y'all for a third time! I adore yalls sound and unique sound! Please share the tickets with me so I can have my friends experience yalls awesomeness just like I have 
Clean your BIRKENSTOCKs; you stepped in liberal shit.
so cool
The song is crap and even nicki can't improve on crap. Two thumbs down!

this is so powerful
Justin <3
Bring her to Puerto Vallarta. She would be a smash and love our place!
Nigga getting  married lmao
such a fun experience and great honor to be a part of it ,Thank You Pink And Nick & RJ <3
I love it!!!!! But why is we love our friends by Sam and Colby up next? Probably cuz i listen to it so much
Bieber cords
    ...... ..
This song makes me want to drop everything and travel the world. ;w;
Tamar needs to go back to the hair and makeup she was rockin when she was on DWTS. She's looking WAAAAAAY overdone here. Too much of everything. She's naturally pretty.
Out of all in the Movie this one really stuck to me, anyone else?
*Blindfold comes off*....Jackpot.
There was a time, where you saved me. I love you Toni
Approaching 1M views in less than a week. Glad that he is finally getting the recognition that he deserves.
1. Clarinet\n2. Nylon guitar\n3. Electric guitar\n4. Piano\n5. Cello\n6. Trumpet because it's all I have left \nYay I got 3 right!
BR  Yelle
fuck your ex
horr

who is here before 1M?
que vdeo e msica maravilhososs!!!!
Who's here before 10,000 views?
I have to actively try *not* to be graceful. I don't know if you've never met me before. 
Why did they change the song name?
This one's better than the old one 
played this song 8 times i cant get over this OMG THE BEAT UR VOICE GOD DAMM P!NK OMG LOVE U AND US SONGS OMMMMGGG
PEACEFULL VIBES ....\nAWSOME FELLING LISTENING IN NATURE UNDER A TREE  \nOR NEAR FLOWERS ....
George Michael is my favorite singer, and I love Sam Smith. but this cover was cheap and didn't do justice to George Michael. disappointed :(
Congratulations hope Ur channel and skills grow well 
I can't handle itttt
I love how much fun is obviously being had by all...but most of all Ester being shown in that deep voice part near end!!
oye bro esa rola es muy sad :'v
I liked it.\nI bought it.\nI shared it.\nwhat else can I do?
This guy is in kpop?\n\n\nFuck I thought kpop rappers were shit
Best 56 seconds ever
Guess who bought tickets to see Chris this December?! Can't wait!
Fit 10 second and already was loving the song...!! <three
me encanto Beyonc 
Great song, maybe next time have a few higher notes in there or something to differentiate between the choruses.
amazing music + fucking good video = kodaline
Wao! I love this song
I love you Rachel
This might be the second album I have ever gotten
I swear who ever produced this song genius even the straight up rap people can't help but to love this song mission accomplished
Beyonce? Speaking Spanish perfectly? Omg yess, justin bieber who?
Always Loved You..............And Will Stand Beside You No Matter What
ladyboy.....
acho que no entendi muito direito
Remember everything that made Back to the Shack and the White Album great?\n\nNeither does Rivers.
Stone Sour in a Mtley Cre-like video with Steel Panther? I'm back in the good old 1987.
Shit dropped harder than the twin towers
Welcome back, can't wait for the album!
1:53 Millonarios F.C. <3
I like the video and song the more you listen i just think this song takes a back seat to some of the others on the album, and it was released at the wrong time. Summer is over and they should of made the album a summer release. That being said.. it will close out the year being among the most anticipated albums and sell well! \n Roll Me On The River is the perfect example such a  really strong song,  and the beautiful song Where Do You Think You're Going the magic of Who's Gonna Be Your Girl and anthem I'm Alright i can see this album having quite a few fantastic videos if she chooses. She really did great on this album it will be so underrated. \n\nShania is Back! : )
Wtf charlie is this for real  what the fucking this dance
Kris tht tuyt
best \ns0ng
A total fucking masterpiece. Listened to it over and over last year after my marriage of 18 years ended. A catharsis.
YES!!!!
https://youtu.be/PpHprNHLrUc
It's a perfect song I love it I love
One foot and this song song suck in comparison to all the others songs from their first two albums. What happened to the special WTM sound like shiver, Anna sun, tightrope, aquaman, etc?
Me explicas la faNTASIA DE VDEO
Hailee i love youuuu 
i don't get this sht, now this song feels like it was specifically made bcuz offset got left out in the last gucci n migos song, like for real tho. no offense to offset
Good Night to you too Tom. RIP. You will live on forever in the hearts and memories of millions of people. We will remember you fondly every single time we hear your music on the radio or on a album/tape/cd/youtube   !!
This makes me well up with Nostalgia. I love the Muppets so much and I'm so glad that they're still around :')
Soooo amazing <3. Maravilhosas
Well done Demi + Crew! This song will always been one of my favorites.
cute!\n\nVery Nice
I always love this game, especially this song. Thanks for making it!
Jus watch and learn... @beyonceVEVO
Danielle Bradbery just yesterday got her FIRST GOLD Record ....for...The Heart Of Dixie...many more are coming..I predict
I love it.this is an an amazing song. I love the music and the lyrics and his voice\nAnd the video
Here before 1million . Gucci bringing the heat foreal.
Letty prego af right now b! that's fucked up they don't show her belly smh\nyall fuck boyz catch me slippin
Haters breath.. 46k will never break us.. let yourselves see in hell while we fly in heaven
*FLOP AND TEAR, MOTHERFLOPPER*
Youtube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100 \nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100\nYoutube: Bcannady100  Youtube: Bcannady100
Sing it Daina you did good girl always here to support you . keep it up keep up the good work.
HOLY SHIT. These guys are taking chances and I love it! One Foot was great, but this is on a whole other level. Im so hyped for their new album.
This is a really good song.
Dude the hook scared me. Its so good
Can't wait for songs of experience. Innocence is a great album. Just like all U2 albums. 
i feel that Lisa Baby style.
Love It
In real life i want fuckbfergie
amazing song!! i can,t wait for the album!! thanks danielle for be a great artist
[TOXIC DO NOT INGEST]
Queens!
Amazing. So good.
Bruh whaaat
Good lyrics and song\nHope someone sings and proves it 
Love me some Chris Young!
That was a really cool song.  Will you and Evynn please sing Can I Have This Dance from High School Musical 3?
SESESEHEHENOWBEBE
a star is brn(s)
   , 
Hey there,\nYour Videos are amazing!\nI work for GamePro and GameStar, two gaming pages on facebook with more than 600k fans combined. Would it be ok for you if we created a video based on yours?\nWe would credit your channel/video in the top-comment and tag your FB-Page in the post's status, so that our fans could become fans of your page in a second. I think that your work could reach a lot of people who yet have to see your amazing work!\nLet me know what you're thinking.\nCheers, Philipp\n\nEspecially we're interested in the following clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfINpLDE_s4
I'm watching this at 2 am and I just shat my pants
OMG
Camilaaaaaaaaaaaa baby 
Is not what i hope that will be, but it's okay
Listen to this at 1.25 speed. You'll thank me later :)

Omg lol 
This songs grown on me and I like it now
HE'S BACK!!!
Didn't know X could sing
these guys are simply insane....luv them

Can't wait for the oficial video. This is just so really fucking great 
Yesssss
Pq Beyonc  to Dona Do Mundo?
Two beautiful voices...amazing together.
Amazing shania twain... finally.. dag dig dug dag dig dugg...
for me  for you :)
American Girl:  Hiway 441 is a main north-south road (13th street) in my town of Gainesville. Tom's boyhood home is less than a minute from it by car.  I CANNOT ACCEPT THAT TP IS GONE..............NO NO NO NONO NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO!
Damn. She took shrooms , coke, pills, and a tab all while on medication.  Please don't try that at home. She would've died in real life. It's always a fine line with videos like this because it looks beautiful but could mislead impressionable minds.
God blessed
This made me like slime
BTW everyone! These two first song are released as 'singles' from the album but Jessie has confirmed that they aren't the focus singles. Meaning they won't be promoted like singles usually do. That single is hinted to be her next one.
love how she marries herself and the cake on the face at the end. #cakeonface
who's hearing unforgettable vibe in this song??

Sam killed it or whoever this clone is 
Fuck Donald Trump
amazing
Loveeee him soo much
This music fucking sucks...
Retro vampire escapades? What's next?  Stay tuned. 

I'm really excited for what the future holds for Julien and to see her grow as a person and musician. Can't wait for Turn Out The Lights.
Cara !!!
Pills to follow Prof. Oak back to the lab
Finally a song appreciating love not talking about sex or all the hoes you got. Thanks ed.
I want him back 
TALENT
Hell ya #13 on YouTube well deserved NF keep your amazing songs coming
#AlessoSquad
Loved the Song/Music Video!
One of the best songs ever written and one of the best videos ever made.
most famous page of JUSTIn ,,,wist it you can find latest photos, videos ... this page is amazing just visit it if you like it then press like button https://m.facebook.com/BieberofficialFC
It'll grow on us. Like Thank God for Girls.
finally
Ugh! His laugh at the end just did me in!!!!Serious case of the BUTTERFLIES!
Dope 
befor 1 mill ?
just incredible.....no other words to describe it. the most wonderful of my favourite song. thank you for being so gifted and sharing this with the world
I'm so wet right now
tea looks good and the chicken!
cOREY IM S C R E AMING
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS ALBUM!!!

Just made me cry like a baby  her visions and thoughts are everything 
I love LP but i'm confused what should i call LP he or she !!!? idfk plz tell me
did a child write these lyrics
Powerful vocals, as always. Slayed!
I got chills at 2:32
fuck it up!!!!
RAINHAAAAAA 
Hola! I really love it... This song is awesome! Youre great Hollyn... blessing from El Salvador!
This woman is a QUEEN
I love that music
WTF are you doing Gwen?
I love you, from Venezuela 
Cant la parte que originalmente era de Camila.
Hola!!!
SO GOOD!!!
I need to visit Amsterdam

I absolutely love Cassie! I wish her so much success!!!
I was thinking dis' video could be more... dramatic// I mean, 4 da' lyrics, but good job 4 a very great song // this song remember me my situation: I love it but... I hate it
Yay!!......I  U Demi!!.....#Lovatic !!....I am like surprised she is cool and sweet from her beginning
I may have cried ... I also may have just been crying...
Edotensei
i seriously cried over this yesterday and the day before when it came out. they give me tingles 
Steve Martin is brilliant, funny and an incredible musician. Of course he surrounds himself with other master musicians!


DIVOSAAAAAAA 
The older gentlemen.  What can you say. Legitimate !

FIRE
The video is shot amazingly.
I want to see Niall ft Justin bieber
Amazing! I'm in love. So much emotion in one song  Fletcher killing it as always!
i think this video made by iphone
I  this great song!
This is a good song
Great song! Love it.
again nice
Guessed all of them right!
I'd rather listen to a washing machine ..
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Amazing song! I love it 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK I LOVE YOU CARI AAAAAAAAAAAA
no buy no kill
I love your channel. Pls keep on doing these videos. They show me in a wonderful way whats possible with my melodica.\nI even bought a melodica now after watching your videos for quite a while :D
Eeeeeee
I always be slapping his music and everyone stares at me at stoplights 
Jamais du avec Yelle 
 
Great song, of the best. You can listen to my remix with percussion on my channel.
Still waiting for her to drop the english version 
It's not even October yet, Gwen.
being the procrastinator that i am, i've waited until now to watch this video. i think you guys are the only band that i truly love anymore. you're great and i love you
vomit
Damn this is so cool!
Its... its....... its.......... BEAUTIFUL!!!!!\nI'm like completely shook right now.......I really don't know what to do with myself!!!???...
Anyone here before 1M?
3:41 the harmoniess
ya b***ty people hate rs at least Sophia ia descent at things 
lol that was nice
BANKS just keeps getting better. Goddamn. 
yea trinidad an a maori yoza
Rudy is in the video 

Pure art
Love the direction she's going in 
A very hurt touching and inspiring vedio 
Why are all the comments on spanish?:D
wich software do they use? to edit the videos
Sam has always been a role model for me and it's crazy to see how far he's come. I'm so proud of him. He inspired me and showed me the way. He was one of the main reasons I started writing music, Thank you Mr. Smith. P.s..If you guys got a minute, check out the music on my channel.I promise you won't be disappointed.
Omg yeah 
FINALLY
WALK THE MOON IS BACK!! Great song!! Can't wait for the new album!!
You do worship Him in vain. I feel like i just watched a redneck Marilyn Manson music video
MONTREAL WANT YOU SO BADDDDD \nPLZ COMMMMEEEEEE I LOVE YOU SO BAD BTW  HAPPY BIRTHDAY OR HAPPY 15 WE LOVE YOU ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT !!!!!!!!!!
this is so beautiful i'm crying

Still prefer the Victoria secret model lip sing
Cool! Subscribe to my page just songs I recorded on my iPhone nothing serious my listen I just posted some I did today  :))
a teardrop for this song..
wow this is really good
es muy....muy placentero verlo
Nice song. I love a good song to vibe out to. 
I only came for Joanne :)
Love this song just wait it will blow up
WOW!!!!! 
The chorus, to me, is an nice and interesting little tribute. And did any of you catch a couple small Murry Wilson interludes (obviously reenacted)? I did and noticed them right away at first listen. (Murry was the father of the Beach Boys' Brian, Carl, and Dennis Wilson.)
Tori sounds absolutely beautiful
Absolutely amazing, Melanie! I love your music. The first of your songs I ever heard was Cake and that's when I fell in love with your music. Your style is amazing.
Yet another piece of pure art.  Love this talented gem!
The cring level is killing me
I always loved the rainbow connection song it ages like fine wine and I hope Jim Henson is looking at this and is proud of his creations
He looks anorexic now
I wonder if Alexandria is tired of being asked with all these albums.
Here before it's viral.
Why yo face so long
He's just to damn handsome and I love his voice. And that bod His style.... Lmao wish him nothing but the best
Backup dancers, stand up!
KB killed that
Her voice is enough to feel & imagine the same 
Thank you
No Estaba Muerto?
The best music video  her smile is breathtaking   You have a true talent Jessie  love ya
