He is a broken man...yes um boss i will be a good n...er boss.
Here's the Bernie Sanders convo from 1 year that Vox did: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5vOKKMipSA. Still waiting on Trump's one
actor.
this is one of the worst videos I've ever seen
The NRA aren't stupid. They see the motive clearly to undermine 2nd amendment, with repeal ultimate objective. They can read the tea leaves.\nThe what will it take event will always be just a hair's breadth away... (FWIW if this was to catalyze constitutional change, the assailant would be akin to dropping the A bomb on Hiroshima. Brutal, yet effective in ending the conflict.) Just saying.
An English speaking professor but was not able to understand the word ' walk '.
Buildings like in Russia.
Now that's a true patriot not those inbred conservatives who say they respect the flag yet have a confederate flag (aka the ones who hated the us and was their biggest enemy)
Hit me up 2007 rob 
this could be the end of the NFL
MEDIA = Trumps fault! This was sexism!
I love it! Go Fulop!!!
What a disgusting boon.
Is that bag on fire? -  Sherlock  -
G it only takes 37 other trash pussy liberal videos to find this one good video under trending
Kenny is the AahilaaayJacke Lottmeor center of a few Sorry for the same time as well as the same time as well as the
So spineless!!!!
#FUERZASMEXICO q dios los bendiga cuidense fuerzas desde chile
Franco is talking to Wiseau in his native tongue lmao
Hackingcommerce.com - Market Place De Productos Digitales (view mobile) http://bit.ly/2jQNEh2
I will just say Chile had an earthqeake much stronger last year and didnt happen ANYTHING
Rip to all 2,996 innocent victims who died that horrible day \n \n;__;)7
There's a lot to agree with in this video but it's just so damn one-sided. It's a shame.
That's not a call out but close.
Thats a long ass walk poor employees
How the fuck is that racist? You kids and your poor poor hurt feelings. I'm glad this happened to dove bc their soap has more chemicals in it than the Iraq war. But to call this racist is so backasswards. You'd call this racist if the black person wasn't in it too. It's just a way to cry and feel your voice has been heard. Stop it, nobody loves you,especially when you act like a crybaby
It's absolutely disgusting that some people disliked this video smh
Why is this on the Trending Page with only 12,000 views?
Yesss Trump is the MAN!!
you ate such a moron, regularization is a process by which hatian people are given dominicam citizenship, they become legal and can work real jobs, ITS NOT DEPORTATION
It's lee nelson/Simon brodkin
How is this on trending
Hello, my name is Mr. Snrub.
This isnt bad at all... if you wanna see bad then look at the Caribbean islands where it looks like Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II.
they are not racists they just don't know wtf
Dude mustve hated country. Fucking cunt.
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
So stupid. They turned the white girl into a Latina, should white women claim that they were inappropriately represented?! No wonder they call us liberals snowflakes!
Dumb ass...
about fucking time you joined the rest of the CIVILIZED world saudi arabia. now if you would stop acting like scum beating your women and covering them up like ghosts and murdering the people of yeman that would be nice as well
The reason is that people want to protect themselves from attacks.
Words of a cyclist: What the fuck was this guy doing, it's a RED LIGHT!
I really hope the hurricanes stop\nit's depressing how many people have already died from natural disasters and terrorism this year
So 3-4 years and people give a shit finally.
The last time I went to a game most of the fans were on their cell phone and not watching the game. I think that's part of the problem lately. People don't go to the game and pay attention anymore. I'm not saying they could have stopped the ball, just saying people don't pay attention to the game anymore.
Yes let's tell hundreds of thousands of people about 20 being injured
That's it ?  Really ? What about the letters to Santa ? I bet he gets much more then TRump !  With all do respect to Kelly , I thank you for your service and my true heartfelt prayers for your loss . I have spent a good deal of my life going on USO tours in the 80's and visiting Veterans hospitals specially veterans week in February. In the eyes of tRump I'm a bimbo former model .  I don't get paid ! I do this from my heart ! Why is it I feel for these men and women so deeply and he CAN NOT?  ! Kelly !  REALLY!  You are doing your best to validate the POTUS ! And it's not selfish behaviour!!!!!! By the congress woman she spoke the truth ! It is very easy to feel deeply about the loss ! Stop the nonsense ,stop helping the codependency of this FAKE POTUS!
minute 3:36 to 3:42 all of them touch their hair... WTF?
Any bets on this police chief having 6 or 8 more news conferences?
Wow That was ice cold.\nHoly fuck\nCouldn't he have shown sympathy
Does anybody else here hate the BBC?
I never got to meet him:(
harry is the better looking prince for sure
Is popular moms ok ??
whos prince harry
I will be praying tonight, for everyone who was effected
Even if she knew nothing, is she telling the truth about it? Stupid ass.
fake news
Hi there.
Wouldnt it be nice if the EU Commission...heck - the whole EU Bureaucracy...gathered somewhere in the jungle and committed mass-suicide?...

Hey speak for yourself buddy. Progressive music is the way to go!
Clay Travis just increased his radio-show audience 10-fold
I think the December it'll fully finished ! And that month they'll have a December  event
Another Gun NUT gone NUTTY.
Check out DJ Zach Kuhn and DJ Quamise Carter doing a dubstep dance to the Cash Me Ousside Remix \nYou Don't Want To Miss It!
This makes me so happy. It's time we needed someone who spoke the truth to unify us all.
Truly cute
wow  for up to the minute news,    dont depend on cnn or fox news.  hahaha  the funny cnn queer boy calls pedophilia misconduct
MEGAN KELLY TONIGHT!\nLAST SHOW\nCANCELLED AFTER 1 WEEK\nDUE TO VERY LOW REVIEWS
MASS SHOOTING ON THE VEGAS STRIP!!! AND LOOK WHO JUST GOT OUT OF PRISON!!! O.J. IS A TERRORIST!!! O.J IS A TERRORIST!!!!
Dont let these spics in haiti please
Boobs will never let you down!
also, what is it exactly about a faster beat that disallows triplet flow? it seems like you can play triplets in literally any rhythmic context.
Is that right before the bomb exploded or after?
I am In Mexico now 
It's sad to see Bob Costas jump on the anti-trump bandwagon and participate in false narratives.  It wasn't the President who made the national anthem a racial issue.  It was Kaepernick  along with those other pampered, ignorant millionaire athletes who have little understanding of history or the constitution who tainted a traditionally sacred moment with politics. Trump is calling them on the carpet for THEIR ACTIONS.   The anthem SHOULD NOT be a racial issue.  It should be a unifying and sacred moment for every American and its wrong for any person to use that national, public forum to exercise their First Amendment privilege for personal issues.  That's what the President is pursuing--bringing us together as one under a sacred symbol.  Why is that so hard for the liberal left to perceive? To throw the race card, once again, into the dialogue, just to take a cheap shot at the President just shows a lack of character and integrity.   Look at what Americans are saying--see it in your slumping ratings and see it in the lack of ticket sales.  People don't burn their favorite team's symbols for nothing.  We're sick of the denigration of our country by our own citizens and main stream media.  We love this country and we're standing up for it.  Bob, why don't  you talk about how the NFL can't even follow its OWN rules regarding the national anthem instead of ripping on the President.  I think, like the players,  you should stick to sports and stay out of politics.  You're out of your league.  No place for a CNN puppet.
MK is not for daytime TV - she does not relate - she is a hard news person
Obama must of really neen hard off for some work after trump became president.
Someone needs to give the black man a snickers
I've no idea what this plug's supposed to be for or against.
PID VIEWS
Uncle pennybags doesn't have a monocle.
Wait till it actually cracks ...
but why isnt it shaped like an apple?
Spain is your nation. The vote is illegal.
Absolute bullshit , 22 injured ,  lidl bag survives with no injuries
Praying for you guys. I love Napa and the surrounding areas.
Get better phone. may I suggest? Oneplus5  price is worth it, camera is good, battery is good, lot of memory, fast charger, good sound, its not 4k I think but who cares.
where is that insane Irish weather chick to warn us? I am pro-vajazzle
Candace is delightful and sees through the diabolical Democrats.  Candace, please keep up your enlightenment tour!
See people if you just would have prayed harder at the last mass shooting, we wouldn't be dealing with this now.
Theres that chef hat hairdo again. Lose it already. Its your job to report the news not be the news!
This has nothing to do with islam yet i see muslims crying in the comments. Muslims really do play victim in everything
subscribe for free robux
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Please come back to Houston
He sounds like Brian from family Guy holy shit
All of the scumbags saying white terrorist are the same dumbasses that think tearing down a statue is going to change history, because they have obviously never heard of a book. 
Kim looks so plastic now. I hope she'll ease up on the surgery. Poor Megan Kelly. She went from covering real news to the Kardashians. 
If u guys want some quick coverage of all types of news check out my Twitter       https://mobile.twitter.com/newsgalore1
Better than eminem...
Its called a local farmers market not a local-farmer market.  Its produce sold locally but most people understand it not guaranteed from a local farm especially when you live in urban cities.
The idiots sticking up for her on the plane, these are her kin... self centered look at me look at MEEE! types. They're all worthless. If you're going to be a cunt and try to lie to get dogs kicked off a plane, get ready for it to fall back on you when you're called out on your lie. Um, my life threatening allergy? Um no I can't prove it and have no paperwork... but please still fly me around where if I DO accidentally die from an allergy, my family will sue you for 6 billion dollars. Fuck that whore. All she had to do was walk with dignity, but these SJWs have no dignity. They're all overgrown toddlers who were never disciplined.
Wish I could sell my house and still live here for the rest of my life.
This is sad and creepy af. \nDude whacks it off and makes some good cash  and reunites with his kids on a tv special (probably to make more cash) almost 20 to 25 years later and he's a great guy\nWtf is this world coming to? (no pun intended)
Iu@ Hmm kklll ,, dt ubwb n.a..com ys .\n@
It's true.
Just ridiculous. I always hated Stephen Colbert because he is simply unfunny and just mean spirited - joke or not - but I do not understand why something for entertainment has to have politics in it. I love all the award shows and I LOVE getting away from the world ... why does politics have to be involved in everything?!!?!
I love how these two idiots KNOW he's trolling them, but still for some ungodly reason they take the bait, and kick in the fake offense on cue.  Does this even still work on CNN's audience?
Thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of Mexico. \n\n#dontforgetaboutme
The paradoxical belief that people are not wise or responsible enough to make indivdual choices with guns but are competent enough to make decisions for others regarding guns.
Just Beautiful (:
Nothing burger
The NEL - Rape, wife beating . DUI. (murder -patriots player) the list goes on -black players getting arrested all the time. fuck the NFL Sorry to all hardworking players
This happen because not enough people had full autos
So spineless!!!!
Frida est hermosa, y su labor lo es an ms :3
First
the camera only zoom into the worse house. May be most houses are good.
I think they were killed and raped by European Invaders.
I'm ashamed of my country

Praise kek! #cnnisisis
That's is what it's all about trying to distract people about Clinton and her ties to Russia. It's crazy,also tryingbto distract from Las Vegas. People with any since can see the Democrat party is tied to shooting and Goverment is trying to cover up. They know a civil war will start if enough people realizes what happened and who is tied. It goes way up to a lot of people that most Americans would not want to believe.
FAKE NEWS!
Video goes up depicting a positive subject about the possibilities of Kickstarter. Bunch of people get triggered and posts negative comments about it.. Cause there couldn't possibly be good things in the world -.-\nI swear, it happens every time
Did i hear correctly? Rascist?  The Dominicans are mainly blacks so you're saying a black being rascist to another black which makes no sense. The word rascist should not be used freely w/o context. The correct term should be discrimination.
jane fonda has everything it takes to become a major political player.\nevery conservative fears jane fonda entering politics.\npelosi / fonda 2020!
You can tell that is the worst Chinese actor and this is nothing but a sponsored video for that glass bridge.\n\nReport this video for advertising with out mentioning it.
yikes
I don't watch a lot of tv but I don't recognize a single person that has gotten an award.
Fuck off OJ.
Tim Johnson is the real reason
People think it's organic and local because they are small and misshapen but in all reality it's the rejects from the grocery store!!! Savage level 101%
Next year, Hurricane Zeus category 20 45 states in red alert
Record for what?
Blacks and Mexicans be like hahahaha now white people know what we feel like !!
It's absolutely disgusting that some people disliked this video smh
Play stupid games.....
Women need to be taken out of politics
Some people just want to watch the world burn
Damn Buddhists - again!
The Huckabee gene is STRONG! Mongoloid-like and STRONG.
We need to take a bullet the right way god
Thanks for no helpful information from your horrible news woman.
3:37 and all that money goes to welfare anyways...
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
Device~ pile of trash you mean
I absolutely ADORE him. I bought his book and it arrived yesterday. Im really looking forward to it its the first of his books Ill be reading.
To kill a mocking bird and the hatchet were basically the only two books I read in school
Fuerza Mxico \nLos Mexicanos somos cabrones vamos a sobrevivir esto y salir adelante \nViva Mexico 
Oh shit someone on FoxNews besides Shep is growing a spine.
AMERICANS, CAN YOU DIG IT #TRUTH
are you happy America? You elected an asshole, who can't tell his shit from his oatmeal.
she just told that dumbass
Is there a list of most repetitive top 10 songs somewhere, by some measurement scale. What will the the most repetitive song of the last 30 years, and more interestingly, what would be the least repetitive top 10 songs
one hell of a title
welcome to United Air lines, please enjoy your stay.
rump is full of shit
0:05 PogChamp
Now all Saudi guys pay a Lambo Aventador to their wives (or Bugatti Chiron)
Bro can someone link me the song at 6:51 please and thank you
I would burn the shit out of his tip money
Dale Hansen should be President and then we could look our selves in the mirror every day!
IMPOSTER
What a hack job Kelly did on both of them ... yuck!  no more Meghan Kelly
Thank you fox. I think the republican party can come back, but i hope our president grows up a little bit, it makes conservatism look bad when he twitter storms.
7.1 powerful!!??? 2 weeks ago it was a 8.4 fuckn moron!!
'give it back to Spain'...it's been a British territory longer than the USA has existed. Monkeys are funny animals though!
This one won first place
I love how they millionaires will disrespect the flag, while men have died fighting for that flag. Good job.

Ryan used to have a voice...now a crab have more spine than him.
Men are being oppressed of their masculinity, damn didnt realize this until watching this video. Seriously making me rethink life
White peoples response to blacks 10 demands ... FUCK YOU LAZY leech ... X 10
Truly amazing! I had no idea
What a bunch of shit. Trump is human garbage. Fuck off
I don't love Jessica Biel and The Sinner is better than her.
thats a what you call a bag for life even a b0mb couldnt destroy it lmao
*O O F
Yee yee!!
We can only hope that if Kim nukes America, it will be exactly on top of whatever golf green Trump is putting on.
#17
Thanks Matthew! Love these videos.. I dream of working there.. (as a gardener! LOL)
that moment when rap music prophecies Donald Trump
talk about revenge on the first chick who cheated
Ughhh people just need to grow up
Megyn sux! Poor thing
my family ;(
When you are before Jesus, which is more respectful: staring him in the face or taking a knee and humbling yourself before him? Yeah I agree.
LOL... They have no heritage! No that's not true, racism, stealing, killing and lying, that's the heritage that thing was talking about.
 this is so stupid if you watched the whole speech you would know what we was talking about
DOOFUS! DOOFUS! DOOFUS!
Jane was looking daggers at Megyn and rightly so. Megyn was extremely rude, would she want to be asked about her hair extensions?  I've always liked Jane Fonda and am glad to see her and Redford together again in a sequel of sorts to Barefoot in the Park. I don't recognize that electric horseman movie because it was so awful.
K
The public transport (tube and buses) in London has to be buffed then, Uber was great for saving money but not great for emissions, if they can improve public transport then its a win win unless you're an uber driver
In the Driver's license all the woman would look the same with the barka on.....lol
Imma ask why compare the us broadband to other countries which are smaller than the us, its quite dumb in the sense its easier for them to cove the whole country because of its size compared to the us u can bring points about money but size will make a difference in the way that a wire will need to connect all along the us compared to a country 75 times smaller or country which is 17 times smaller I dont see the comparison
      !!!\n\n     ..\n    ..
If only one of my ex's gave me 127K to break up with me. All I got was an argument.
Free
Last time she was on the show... she said it was her children calling... not her boss. 
Well lived Life.!.\nSee Ya up There!..
Yankees to be sued for at least a million
#BOYCOTTNFL
Islam needs to be wiped off the planet
Catalonia should be free\nwhat Spain doing is not democracy it is violence
Just ridiculous. I always hated Stephen Colbert because he is simply unfunny and just mean spirited - joke or not - but I do not understand why something for entertainment has to have politics in it. I love all the award shows and I LOVE getting away from the world ... why does politics have to be involved in everything?!!?!
Wait - Mexico City, Mexico, or Mexico City, county of Los Angeles?
yo everyone wanted to share this awesome site i found to get gift cards asap  lythu.com/giftcardsgiveaway?747017622
Manchurian candidate.
Ironic
Only one thing to say a little class a little risque a little romance God-bless the guy
Chris rock was right!   whatever happened to crazy ? He had no motive except crazy!  I wish they'd stop mentioning scumbags name.
K
This is beginning to take on a serious tone of bullshit.  Male entitlement?  That whole term...sexual predator...this is morphing into sexual politics with a heavy dose of postmodernist Leftism.   Do women have no agency in the world?  At all?
Praying for Mexico.  Please Lord watch over them
Confirmed Earworm is the best
Stop the video, the answer is muslims, Muslims are the wild monkeys in Europe
I live in Ireland and shocked that in America you go into store and pick up a gun like its new clothes.. a gun shop that's madness ! That's just asking for trouble
#whitepriviledge
loolll
They gave the earth an aux port
staged
It was a Category 1 storm. Ive sat through worse in my trailer.
how Franco opened his legs up and wiseau has to be on the side is sad.
Good
Someone search Vegas helicopter gun tours I bet isis highjacked one of those that day
What can anyone find wrong with this woman? She could eat 2 entire boxes of crackers in my bed anytime even if half of the crumbs got on me! Lovely. Not like so many American women that go to Mcdonalds 3-4 times a day and are SLOBS.
*caught on fire\n\nThis so called explosion is a false statement it was a dud all the injuries happened due to the chaos of leaving the station
Thanks for exposing these false sellers.
Hanoi jane should have been imprisoned for war crimes in the Vietnam War!!! This vermin is a traitor and an enemy of the state!
Lol why is it so tense? The interviewer is so serious lol
First time seeing Megyn Kelly blush. Russell knows how to cast a spell on the ladies.
Mexican following become function evolve solid statement diversity volunteer bit.
Good job fellas. Answering the serious questions we the people demand.
Andrew Hussie predicated the future
Eric and debra holding hands so cute
The bestfriend part n his expression at that point @ 1:53 i see what he did there and even at the end like if you agree
O-O-Ophelia you've been in my mind girl since the flood, O-O-Ophelia
Why is this trending 
But yet the cops completely ignore the nazis in Charlottesville ...
The President should be supported by Ryan. Ryan failed in 2012. He still sounds disingenuine. Unemployment down, medical insurance will be available across state lines, tax reform being at least discussed, 4 major catatrophes in the last month handled, North Korea is being addressed instead of ignored, veterans services are being improved with technologies, etc. Good direction for the country
Side note: Editing and camera work is great!
Good luck to anyone out there
That Wounded Knee though...
Going public with that conversation for political gain is disgraceful.\n\n..
Biggie ripped notorious thugs like that's a timeless verse
They gassed this hurricane up like it was bouta be the end of florida. The News Hyping it up like florida wasnt going to be on the map anymore
Death to Chocolate Pudding faced people !
Ban Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)\nCitalopram (Celexa)\nEscitalopram (Lexapro, Cipralex)\nParoxetine (Paxil, Seroxat)\nFluoxetine (Prozac)\nFluvoxamine (Luvox)\nSertraline (Zoloft, Lustral)
May have this... may have that
https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/09/19/ustr-robert-lighthizer-outlines-u-s-trade-priorities-trump-administration-willing-to-confront-wto-multinationals/  why should usa subside through daca/dapa exploitation for other countries to be cheap outsource at legal citizen expense? so globalist still inflate prices? dnc self enrich with pension increase through public union abuse? medical giants make cost of hiring citizens increase along with promote  using illegals for cheap labor but cost still inflate high as seen in California. artificial drought/excessive beauaracy taxes not related to health/environment like carbon tax  destroy propaganda  of illegals make produce cheaper.
Just get seats behind them
Tom petty is not dead wtf
Ahahahaahaha!! Most of these idiots for some reason, don't realize that an airline is a private company. And as such, by law, they have the right to refuse service to anyone, at any time, for any reason. They can say whatever they like as to why, and you can bet it will be something that covers their ass just fine. Like they felt she was a security risk or something. So its goodbye, you stupid retarded bitch. I just wish the cops would have tazed her and dragged her out so they didn't have to struggle so much.
All for ratings
I love her
Lyft still is in London
Russell is my hero. What a beautiful person.
Idk if taxi was speeding but even if he was idk what he will be charged with but it wont be as bad as it could like 20 years, since bike ran red light
A lot of the girls I've fallen in love with. What's love got to do with it? Orwellian dementia.
Ugh nobody cares
So every people in that room is complicit and as bad as he is. These people could have saved hundred of young girls from this but they cared to much about their own careers and cash to speak out. \nHollywood is a disgrace.
Low iq 'murikkkans
It's all fun and games until some dumbass like Joey Salads shows up like:\n\nBREAKING THE GLASS FOR REAL PRANK (NOT CLICKBAIT) (GONE WRONG)\n(GONE SEXUAL) (99% CAN'T SURVIVE)
well said
A pandemic of hate and disrespect...  yes... it cOULd have attributed  to this nutjobs malfunction... but your a bit fracking LATE PAT.. Go to hell.
Watch out for missile
So people won't notice if something Made in China is actually breaking?
What if when he booked that hotel, he saw all the people and thats where he got the idea in the first place.
I don't believe you. YOU'RE\nold and still trying to be\nrelevant. YOU'RE a bad actress. Also, you were really bad in golden pond
Oh look, Trump supporters asking why a video is trending in the comment section again ._. 110k views so far, still not sure why its trending
Shit 
What the hell was that dumbass in the black car trying to do. Deserved to get his ass beat
fuck trump
We had a guy like this at my apartment complex last year. This wasn't a guy would wanted to go out in a blaze of glory. This was a guy who was disgruntled, most likely at the casinos after losing a bunch of money. He was also dumb enough to think he could shoot people in public, in broad daylight, and he'd somehow make a clean getaway, just like in the movies.
This is the fault of Muslims. Not just the terrorists but those who were witness to the terrorists radicalization...which looks a lot like taking Islam seriously.
Lmao fucking rednecks. Ricky Bobby and his buddy are at it again. Shakin and bakin baby
We live in a world where it has never been ok to be anything but white.
Thoughts and prayers with Mexicans.... so sad.
Cool subscribe to my channel
I'm still trying to understand WHY HE feels the need to go after sports teams.  I have yet to hear him say anything about Puerto Rico.  Puerto Rico is a commonwealth of the United States and they need help also....Or maybe he thinks just because they speak Spanish in Puerto Rico it's a MEXICO territory. ...just a little suspicious .
This who yall like
*Half of the AmeriCUNTs are terrorists put on standby; no need  to remind you that the term serial killer was coined in the country of  uncle Sam*
They keep it in the family, if you know what I mean.
Amanpour and Fonda.  That's a sad fucking sight right there.
Subscribe to the channel\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub
Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed, as they are in almost every country in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword; because the whole body of the people are armed, and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops.\n- Noah Webster, An Examination of the Leading Principles of the Federal Constitution, October 10, 1787
Fake hurricane.
My condolences to Mexico and it's people.
She is not genuine. She is a wannabe.
Why do white people watch this shit?
AMAZING!!!
But what happens if it's actually cracking lool
We have a 70+ year old man with the mentality of a 3 year old for president congratulations America
Did you just spend 6 minutes telling me that a poorly designed office is overrated even when it's called an open office?
It's almost like Andrew.
This is sum sort of...pedOPHILIA! 
FAKE NEWS RELEASE THE HOTEL VIDEOS OF THE SHOOTER BRINGING ALL THOSE GUNS IN THE HOTEL OR THE SHOOTER WITH ALL THOSE SUIT BAGS 23 GUNS SMH IT DONT MAKING SENSE
Another 911 type of terrorist like bush did 911 we ain't stupid let's make Trump look bad
Well Samsung can't beat Apple any more and I am a Apple person
https://youtu.be/k8B366HiHPs\nClick on link for the TRUTH
It's still dividing people. How are you going to stop dividing people?
Funny how honks are the only ones mad about this
Oh shit someone on FoxNews besides Shep is growing a spine.
why did i watched this. I have a flight at 9:00 PM tonight
Don't look at the comment section cancer lies below.
:-)
Too many idiots riding Citi Bike in New York City.
Uhh they had a brown woman after the white one....not racist imo
All these white people mad at the fact that these aren't your fucking entertainment . It's actual people with feelings and opinions, who have a voice and choose to use it with the risk of losing their jobs. Open your eyes sheeple,WE HAVE PROBLEMS!!!!
I thought that this was a great piece. Regardless of what people may think about Hillary, she is undeniably eloquent and oh-so intelligent. You can really hear the thought and depth in her responses. They were actual, solid answers to his questions. Never once did she say: You're gonna be very happy with this interview. Lol
The real Playboy
Psycho
Fake News
@TheEllenShow needs to see this! and invite these very talented singers! <3
Pardon my ignorance, but what is P45?
Let's not forget that he made mainstream and acceptable the objectification of woman. This is something that as a college guy I see run awry with how college guys treat women.
It's impossible to work with Trump.\nIf you disagree with him, he gets angry.\nIf you go along with his plans, you aid his self-destruction.
Stuning
Hey bro!
We all know it's a Note 7
It's so wired to wear two watches
Looks like bonnie Scotland
Thank you.
Republicans: youre not taking my guns! Lets set aside politics. Theyre still gonna get the guns lol.
Uh-oh, no Muslims this time?
LOL, of course he's willing to outlaw bump stocks since according to the comment section here, it's easy to just jerry-rig one yourself. This isn't news, it's as jiggly as jello!
And here in Middlesbrough (north east England) my Internet is pretty damm fast and its unlimited 
Asshole!!!!
We clearly do not know whats going on. Welcome to America!
Hurricane my ass, it was nothing but a normal irish day. The media lying to us as usual, exaggerating things and placing the masses in a state of panic and worry. How easy we are all controlled.
PUT A FUCKIN NET OFF DUMBASSES. For real though it doesn't take away from a game Hockey does it and u don't notice it and if it is rare why does it matter someone could die
2:05 The dude on the left 
They had to, she wouldn't leave.
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
Will you please just quit talking because no one cares what you have to say lol
It's all fun and games until the glass actually breaks and they all think it's a special effect.
how do you not mention Jeff Lynn when talking about the Traveling Wilbury's..  Today show hacks..
It looks like it will miss Florida and that is a good thing!
WHERE IS THE HUMANITARIAN INTERVENTION, NATO???????????? You know, like you've intervened in other parts of Europe?
Lord God , Mueller please hurry up America is on the brink
the bomb might just be a lure.. and the person who made the bomb built it to not fully explode,to fail.
Download Google Allo. A new smart messaging app! http://g.co/allo/331
Last days our  is doomed
She wasnt dragged. Stop trying to make her out to be the victim. She lied and it backfired in her face.
People hes not crazy or a drug addict he was telling them what steve was to him amd how he saw his brother and he can't comprehend why his brother did this he's in a mental shock
Paid money to make this a trending topic. Politicians suck so much.
Oh, Ophelia, you've been on my mind girl since the flood\nOh, Ophelia, heaven help a fool who falls in love
People always find a reason to make things racist
Megyn is the new Queen Bee of NBC great interviewer
Look at all the fools trying to get lime light by jumping on trump insult train. Pathetic attempts for fame
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en
Try to use appropriate adjectives to describe events rather than over exaggerating to get views like a below average YouTube editor....
Fucking dumb ass
why did i watched this. I have a flight at 9:00 PM tonight
Buckle up.
I don't think it was racist, but everyone is entitled to there own opinion. Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't . I did notice the color of the T shirts changed, matching the color of the wearer
All because of marijuana business...
Erect
Bomb the Spain as Spain bombed Serbia in 1999. What goes around,comes around.
Who cares
It's all about money .
Disgusting and pathetic is Cowgirl Wilson's voting record on military issues....military cuts into her voting base, unemployed, welfare, EBT cards and Obama cell phones....she's a liar and this is an all time low of liberal democrats....pathetic
Why do your videos always stutter when they start?
Jeez man. Our planet needs a lot more positivity and love.
Who else caught the beat from scarlet begonias by sublime ?
White trashs back at it again with mass shooting holding the leaderboard 
can you do political relations history between us and puerto rico or something similar ?
Man should have a real job.
Nice pink tie Cavuto. Lol Fox News is Fake news at it again
Meanwhile in las vegas
I find it ironic that people want to restrict or even ban guns altogether. Yet, most movies and TV shows glorify guns. Why don't we start talking about this issue. It would be a lot easier to have this discussion.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=xmYbniEEb-M
The like to dislike ratio to this video is just hysterical.
STEALING. What a horrible statement!    Sharing with love !
Far-left journalists before Irma = Cuba has the best protocol to protect their citizens, they will have no casualties\nAfter Irma = . . . . . . . . . .
United all over again
Ayo!! I live in buffalo!! Where my homies at
*Videonun Perde Arkasi* http://youtubem.video?1OwdF267pI79h8tS=VVuGEVkGtYgkbwA
I love how she refers to her as, Kendal and Kylie's dad, instead of Caitlin or Bruce.
Want to make MONEY FROM HOME TODAY GUARANTEED get started here IT WILL change your life click the link and GET STARTED TODAY https://BestEasyWork.com/eionismylife
I guess this is the latest hot thing\nPeople being dragged off airplanes\nUntil something new comes along the media will bombard us with this shit
Now even grass is out to kill us because of global warming.... great.
Nobody talking about the quality of the cinematography and editing. It was insane, good job vox
I ate a burger today.
Don't trust them with your children.
When the President of America can pardon anyone in America for any crime even before a trial. Why even have prison systems? Lets release them all and see what happens.
Thanks for the music, RIP!
Wtf is going on with people being kicked off planes#remainintheplane
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
It seems like when you're older your age will be rubbed in your face whether it's in a form of compliments or not...Honestly it doesn't need to be constantly pointed out 
Black Muslim...?! They featured his picture. CBS is playing Polly correct today.
if news is covering up the real situation makes you wonder if 59 is the actual number of the deceased...pray america
This is too dangerous someone could jump off in fear
hes such an intelligent human being. Brillant.
Wait I think she's hot .. El.... Oh... El... WAIT NINO FIND NINO
His hair looks like a donut.
i think seperatism is dumb but it is also a right of a people group to distance themselves from others and the spanish police is acting like a autoritairian army does when people protest and if such a high percentige of people want to leave spain they should be able to.
What about every single taxi driver cheating on mileage by taking their cars to cousin and make a 120000 miles disappear from the clock - every single one!!!!!!
I hope my grandma is fine in mexico
It's about time People grew up and stopped watching sports.
Everyone has a right to protest as long as no one gets hurt trump just needs to respect the right
5.07  she said notorious thug
It really wasn't as bad as it could be.
CATALONIA
Geoingineering /HAARP
For those of you arguing with the baseball purists about safety, I wouldn't bother. Most of them don't give a shit whether children are safe at the game. All they care about are their precious foul balls that they can catch and show off to their friends. There are ways to make it work, but they don't want to hear that. Never mind that most of them probably fell in love with the game when they were small children. They're all grown up now, so it's not their problem. All they care about are themselves, like most people on this planet these days. Not that it matters, but I am a baseball fan of 40 years, but I am also a father. To those purists who are willing to listen to possible solutions, I apologize for lumping you in with the others. Unfortunately, there's not many of us. Most are selfish assholes who only care about their own experience at the game.
Crys
I'm praying for you All!
what overhyped bullshit
BOYCOTT THE NFL!
Regulate Crazy Democrats instead!
CNN is very fake news.
Respectfully, you completely missed one of the primary reasons for the success of hip-hop, namely white people desperately trying to buy into black (American) culture. This predates hip-hop and goes right back to Elvis, Hendrix, and jazz/blues before them. There may have been some merit to it at one point. Blacks cared little for musical convention, and birthed some profoundly unorthodox, catchy and creative music. Since then there has been a slow decline in quality, despite rising popularity. At this point, some ghetto thug could take a shit on a microphone, and people would buy the recording. Rap and hip-hop are now creatively bankrupt genres for the most part, but that doesn't matter to the virtue signalling white kids, desperate for the prefect mix of street cred and social justice kudos.
People should be allowed to enjoy the natural entertainment of storm force winds, with Nanny state authorities curtailing their frequent tendency to baby sit mature adults. If swimmers want to dice with death in Salthill in tidal waves, that is their prerogative, and rescue services shouldn't rescue those who may not wish to be rescued.
False flag, this has molars name written all over it
Thanks for all the great music Tom. RIP,  God Bless
Bad day?
War never changes
Well patriotism is earned and should never be forced on anyone!! How can we stand for a country that treats it's own people like this country does?! How can we stand for a country that lies about who it is?! When this country treats others as they deserve to be treated, when this country acts like it claims to be, then it will be worth standing up for!! Most in this country and the Republican party that runs this country now, claims to be Christian, but they allow the poor, needy, elderly, sick, disabled, and the most in need to be taking advantage of!! It allows wars and killing of innocent people!! How the hell can we stand for that?!! No until this country acts like it should it doesn't deserve anyone to stand up for it!!
Japanese would be smart to kick him out
My heart brakes
Meh .. I've had more disturbing farts to be honest .... So long as Trump doesn't come over and throw paper towels at us I think the worst is over.
WTF
Go Catalonia. The Maldives is with you
Just dropped NO BULLSHIT for this.  Keep going
I love Mexico 
That's actually pretty fucked up.
Should've gave her the good old united airlines welcome 
 *VEGAS HARVEST MUSIC FESTIVAL MASSACRE Was Preplanned WELL in Advance* via Me And My Monkey song, SEE SONG VIDEO HERE  >>> https://youtu.be/1sBTMC2-tg4\n\nAnd Once You Fully understand the Spiritual Meaning of the Diabolical Massacre via the above link provided...\n\n *GET WITH GOD's PROGRAM, NOW!! PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE IS REAL!  AND IT'S RED ALERT!!* \n\n...Leave the Devil in the Dust for Good...\n\n *ARE YOU SAVED?* Find Out For Certain!  MAKE SURE YOU ARE SAVED by The Gospel, 1st Corinthians, 15:1-4 >> Just click HERE ==> https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-Corinthians-Chapter-15/ \n\n Beware the watered down False Doctrine many churches are pushing these days.  To be certain you have been Saved by the ONLY valid Gospel at the time of this posting, let Pastor Robert Breaker walk you through the simple steps today by clicking on the link ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k \n\n*REV 12 Sign of The Son of Man* being fulfilled;  TIME IS RUNNING OUT!\n\n *Rightly Divided, The KJV Bible  (the only Bible uncorrupted) clearly promises the Blessed Hope of PRE-Tribulation Rapture!!*\n(shhhh...Satan doesn't want you to know) \n\nJews, Gentiles, Everyone Alike...\n\n*GET SAVED NOW !! Don't be LEFT BEHIND to suffer The Great Tribulation...* \n\n*The Bottom Line?*\nThe Blood of JESUS CHRIST is your ONLY hope of Salvation By Grace Through Faith for life everlasting in the Heavenly Kingdom...\n\n*GET SAVED & REPENT NOW!*\n*How To Know You're Saved* Click Here Now ==> https://youtu.be/fL87OKrch6k\n\n For some of the latest Biblical Evidence, Rapture coming soon watch this Youtube video >>>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w\nFor more Watchmen videos use keywords Revelation 12 Sign, Last Trump, Rapture.  Take Heed and WARN  EVERYONE!! \n >>> https://youtu.be/tqpqgvfKt-w
No one is talking about the woman who warned them they were going to die that night weird?
If it weren't for his pappy's and grandpa's trust fund Trudeau would be a squeegee kid.
Can we just go back to original YouTube for newbie creators instead of me having to see these videos from companies that have their own f**king websites...
Criminals don't follow laws so we might as well not have them? So do you also think that we shouldn't make owning meth, bombs, and child porn illegal too? No? Then please re-evaluate your argument and realize what a stupid argument it is
I support Trump but plz don't do that I'll buy the tickets. I don't support the protesters but there are many ppl who don't disrespect the flag in the NFL they shouldn't be punished
Cute
Antifa
Lovely format of video.
I don't want to give the plot line away but it does not end well for mother - a person who just gave the plot line away.
I can't even see anything
Silliness.
I hear Sweden has wild monkeys too #Rapefugees
btw.. who the hell is harry?? anyone?
I'm a gay black crippled trans woman immigrant and the Emmy's is anti-negro.
what's with his wearing bracelets, though??
I subscrives because of this vedeo
I like this.. You speak like Rod Sterling and that's impressive as hell.
This restores my heart
always thinking of herself, this representative, love meghan, cannot stand this show, glad i never watch it, I WATCH FOX NEWS
Bad combination for a trump supporter. CNN and Mexico
The first minister in Canada to be having a kid? OH God the LIes!!
Baghdad Bob Costas has been a looser since he admitted NFL players where not respond-sable enough to own guns. he is not knowledgeable enough to even comment on this subject....the NFL is a bunch overrated losers who can be easily be replaced with better players some who even got their degrees and have no criminal records. Keep it up NFL you will be a memory very soon.
OMG THAT OUTRO IN A NICE BASS HEADPHONES SOUNDS AWESOME 
Safiya?
Rip Cassini we will missed you
Bleesed our president is! Rise n honor the men n women who serve n Especially 2 those who sacrificed ther lives 2 preserve our freedom. N make sports possible!
That was not shit
Ahora son ms de 200 personas que han fallecido
Now stay the hell out of trouble so you don't end up in prison again. I want my tax dollars used on real baddies.
Mine was when a lesbian feminist tried to get me sacked for being a white heterosexual middle aged male.
so who's gona be the last mehican??
Ex-Muslim here. Islam is crumbling.
Me: loloo I never get hit by hurricane in Pennsyvania!\n\nNate: Hold my beer
Terrorist this time a white one.\nOnly polcible in America...
Please do a video analysing the speech of presidents of the us and leader's of the world throughout time.  Focus on the structure of the speech and how it translates to other nations, to other people.  I'm curious how sharp of a change we've made with the current US president and how dangerous it is to speak publicly to the world the way he does without consideration of cultural or language translation challenges.
This chick still looks like she's 16 lmao
In Brazil granite countertops have been popular since... forever. I remember in the nineties it was already a trend here.
I see nothing racist
 Thumbs up if you were expecting a creepy clown with this music.   
that was such a dead prank
Trending now :)
What good is that building for when no one is buying their phones anymore
What if was the government that set him up?
This is why I joined the internet.
*Oh Wow! God is amazing! : O*
Fucking dumb ass
Bad people who committed crime belong in jail\nIf he's talking about O.J. doesn't he mean prison?
Dumb dun hill.
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
America... say crazy shit and get your name mentioned during a white house briefing than negotiate a higher salary at a liberal network.
Things aren't too bad here in Pascagoula. There was some flooding and debris, but it could have been MUCH worse. Having been through Camille and Katrina, our thoughts still go out to the people of Puerto Rico.
This is so sad...God bless them all and may he watch over them and keep them safe from all of these horrible wildfires.  all the hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, and all the above....prayers love and blessings sent to you all.
made in usa
Also a snake.
Lo siento, por las personas vivir en mexico.
2018 Now introducing the apple park 2 with great features
United Airlines did it better
Ped
This is incredible - I feel for all who lost so much - the message from above might be start fresh - make room for the new -  it will only be better lots of good luck to all!
My family openly opposed this BS pointing out in the case of an all out nuclear war none of them wanted to survive, in the age of the atom bomb only it made some sense but hydrogen bombs. LOL
No way
Wow! This is crazy is that who we are now, instead of giving them a hand we throw a punch, this isn't funny at all. God please help us, we need Jesus in our life.
James is half way stuck in the ascent
WE GON FUCKIN DIE YALL
Congratulations to John Oliver!!!!
So the killer was 'white'. Hope you know that Trump.
This is the reason why I want to attend these meetings
Dam, that's messed up.
Yay theyre finally making a park just for my favorite fruit, apples.
Something definitely seems fishy about all of this. This has inside job written all over it
He should push the baby back and regret after while .
Just here to say CNN YOU ARE FAKE NEWS!!!
Confused dumbasses.
Selena has such a beautiful heart.
I have an idea. Lets stop glorifying these tragedies. Stop giving them so much attention. There are way worse things going on that we CAN fix and we should focus on them. \nGun violence is never going to end, just like drug abuse, gang violence, racism, inequality and corruption. These are unfortunately part of human life. It should serve as a reminder of the importance of personal responsibility and respect for each other.
on site correspondent seems pretty thrilled to be a part of the action
Fucking dicks
Tommy is an absolute treasure.
Cavuto>>Eminem
Trump is cancer
Walmart.
HA HA THIS SHOW IS AN EMPTY BARREL
Criminals don't follow laws so we might as well not have them? So do you also think that we shouldn't make owning meth, bombs, and child porn illegal too? No? Then please re-evaluate your argument and realize what a stupid argument it is
www.instagram.com/fsuwus/
Empty small city is empty
Why is Jupiters great red spot becoming less elliptical, and more round? Are there cows farting on jupiter?
AWESOME
Great human being. Great businessman. Great life. Im sure he died with a big ol' smile on his face !!
What!? Deception? I cannot believe it! :-)
3 hurricanes, North Korea,earthquakes in mexico 2 times,los angeles small earthquake,Puerto Rico destroyed by current earthquake and floods 
Look at all these idiots lol
What people dont do for dick hahahahaha
'\nwow catalonia and spain becomes own civil war in western europe...\nvery sorry
I know the kid. He died . Idk why people keep making joke , a life was taken . Rip bro
Subscribe to the channel\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub
Free Catalonia!
If you don't address that attacks like this are created by the whites behind the curtain, you will never ever be able to solve the issue. Addressing the root cause is key.
Thoughts and prayers to the people of Mexico.\n\n#dontforgetaboutme
He's going to hurt his 14 year old ex girlfriend Cassandra now. 14 30 cas and cas only
A prosperous non-white country preserving its culture?? Must be nuked!! \n- American psychopaths.
Why
who the fuck gives a thumbs down? If you are against women speaking out, you are apart of this problem.
As you see Trump still calling shots
Has everyone forgot bout hurricane Harvey victims and are worried bout just Florida....?
     
She is scared of Trump grabbing her the know what, she have a young secret service pretend to be Trump? not make much sense and it's funny!
I like the video, but barely mentioning corruption and blaming it all on racism is really biased for a vox video.
What a time to live in.
TRASH
smh i bet u the tomato is a gassed up tomato too. shout out to the psat
This video picture shows that it's got MSNBC behind it; this was really all I needed, but it got 1 second out of me prior to hitting the stop button to write a comment. This 1 second shows a panel of which I don't need to hear a word. Now this panel is really icing on the cake - lackeys of the luciferic one world government agenda > leftist commie tactic of divide and conquer. Let it take it's course to separate the wheat from the chaff and be forever a reminder of the wickedness of humanity and what it leads to.
0:07 dudes face looks like Thomas the train.
Like this weed is laced ain't it, tasted tainted the whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted, Spaced out like sci-fi t.v. Fuck ICP Buy My CD!!! - Slim Shady
The filthy commie needle dick bug fuckers had an awards show????? Who gives a shit!
Breaking News Emmy show full of hate speech
Off with her head!
NEW Y/T watch >   Stephen Paddock Las Vegas Shooters Neighbor Says it Was a False Flag Event Saying He Was Set Up  <\nby Real World News SHARE he liked Trump
This is why you'll never see Made in Mexico as something to be proud of...
Ewww that that lizard out of here.
It's misleading to enter the largest nuclear bomb ever made as your example of what might happen to your city during an attack.
After 20 years of being a comment reader on stories and videos this thread is one of the most pathetic sights i have ever seen. So many of you shouldn't even be walking among the rest of us. Society just gets more pathetic by the day.
Everything feels so empty.  Youll have these gigantic courtyards with three people standing in them.  Theres not a single boat in the river and every stadium has an empty parking lot.  You never see any birds or kids playing around either.  Not to mention that none of the buildings have any semblance of artistic purpose or passion put into them.  The city has no soul, its a lifeless husk that people just so happen to live in.  Its like you told a robot what a city was and had them build one.
Nobody died , no body cried 
Now let's see the rest of the country.
Would it come to london
Kneeling is kneeling sitting is sitting cant compare the to is 2 totally different thing
Jimmy Fallon should have died instead.
Please God destroy Hollywood next!
Gtfo trending
soft, natural green, feel good product - 1'st, 2'nd, 3'rd..... hit - does not  KILL !  Regulations!  go to JAIL !   -  hard , cold , made to kill product !  FREEDOM !!  really ?  really  ?    We have to talk and LISTEN !  we have to save ourselves ....
Maybe ill make a bump stock on my 3D printer dumb fuckers
You see, I really do feel for the families of the victims,  but I will only be afraid of terrorism the day it has more casualties than traffic accidents. When you objectively look at it, practically no-one died by terrorism in Europe. So people, no worries, terrorism won't kill ya ;)
Thank u sir. Real patriot
Good to know it was a productive day.
Prayers for Mexico. Does anyone know how we can support/donate?
And still they report that he had explosive materials and guns in certain locations but yet he's only a gunman he's not a terrorist if he were Arabic Muslim with a box cutter then he would be considered a terrorist
HAHA
she could get a job as a waffle maker
Lady at 1:37 lol
Spain is a democratic country internationally recognized as such. Two of Spains seven founding fathers, responsible for the countrys current constitution, are of Catalan origin. This constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the Spanish nation. Its ratification in 1978 was the result of a broad consensus across diverse parties, including the Catalan nationalists of Puigdemonts party, and received support from over 90 percent of the Catalan voters in a referendum.
Juggalos just doing this because their penises are below 1.3 inches.
Funny how everyone seems to think this Harvey thing will help put an end to the sickness that is Hollywood....ahhh no it won't,because you same people still buy and watch their garage....iam proud to say i don't....its all shit.Even if Harvey does properly go under theres just another sick pedo to take hos place and you can bet on that.Fuck Hollywood hey!!
It only cost a mere 500 mil?? That is pocket change for apple!
If only\n..
Can someone explain why they are just now choosing to start with all this protesting? Did something happen ?
blowing shit up with homemade d-d-d-dynamite\n\n\n\ntoo soon?
What a creepy music
You're not hurting the NFL one bit by burning tix that you already paid for. And I guarantee once all this hype is over....this guy will buy season tickets again next year
Does anyone remember that one family guy episode? 
When the teacher wakes you up
Amazing news!! Congrats to all women in the Kingdom. You can find out more here, too: http://l.expatwoman.com/saudiwomenallowedtodrive
Megyn was really feeling Russell. XX
Leave this woman alone, already. Ffs
This is cool and all, but why is it on trending with under 30k views?
Paul Ryanis the Prom King of the Swamp Monsters........
A necromonger would promote this guy to full dead.
I feel like I'm from Alabama = I would have owned slaves prior to the Civil War and I would have fought for the south. Loser.
Thank you, Jesse
Isn't this debate useless due the soon arrival of 5G?
Its trending because kellyanne came out of her hole, in the White House.
Living a secret life... \n\nSo privacy is secret now??
The fact that she brought up acid been thrown around like it was just an everyday occurrence shows you the state of the country right now.
Pittsburgh Kneelers.
Prayers out to Ireland!
Uhhhhhh I'm confused
So I'm thinking people will be taking about this for 2 weeks or 3 weeks
Being a sanctuary city with so many thankful foreigners, surely they have enough help to put out the fire with their spit.
'\nwow catalonia and spain becomes own civil war in western europe...\nvery sorry
Sounds like full auto mini mac gun not a hot rodded bump stock Ar 14......\nsomethings not right here boys..\nAny one agree ??
Dick head
Meanwhile the factories making the products have suicide nets surrounding the buildings.
No! It's not close to be finished! It's all still full of dirt and stuff!
That's like saying JFK wasn't a good president. It's just that T.V. became a thing. Uh no it's a good book It's Harper lee that sux.
Nothing American about supporting Nazis.  Nothing American about denying 1st. Amendment rights either.
The funny thing is this president a couple years before had a Twitter post about how burning the flag is a good peaceful way of showing Rebellion. So since he said disrespecting the flag should get you fired, I guess that means.....?
this book is amazing russell is an extremely beautiful writer
aw hell no, yall can keep that in china. im good
She should be in prison
Poor people are not stupid just uninformed. They need to wake up and stop allowing rich people who think they are the rulers of the world to be in office. A poor person can be just as qualified to be president as a rich person.
That sucks
Man why media covering this fool? There be innocent black man who get let out and still in that could be shown. This is some murdering motherfucker i hope he gets his ass fucked up broke ass motherfuckar
It's so shocking news.....
Lee nelson lol what a guy
I'm starting to believe that you guys are fucking brain damaged to keep letting this cancer of a culture and religion into your country
No life threatening injuries just like your natural disasters blueye british pigs. Is it the snap crackle pop navy or is it in concert with the USA military?
RIP white porsche. Must be a managers car
This video makes me so happy
I hope you tagged me by accident.
No black person sees this ad as racist except those who count the French fries at McDonald's and cry because yesterday they 24 French fries and today it was 23
If there was an explosion then how was the bag and bucket it was in almost fully intact and barely on fire? And why was George Stephanopoulos in London? Was he there to cover another story or did he just happen to be there today? Hmm...
When you kill millions of people in Iraq, the mother of nature is angry.
Hhhhhmmmm\nhttps://youtu.be/QkhnkVd8pWA
Islamic inspired progressive terrorism. Period.
AHHHHHHHHHHH
And Godfather is overrated as well.
BBC : It is not the 'Irish Republic' its just Ireland or ire, it is not 'Irish Met Office' it is Met ireann and our leader's title is not 'Irish Prime Minister' it is just Taoiseach
I'm all the way in Oakland and you can smell and see the smoke. Some days you can't even see the hills. People with lung problems are wearing masks at this distance.
This number 2 under the gaming trending.
she has nothing to do with this paranoid white fascist for you
Love that theresa may would love her to touch my clit
All hail our Lord Emperor Trump!
proudly brought to you by the dan halen sheetrock and drywall company.
Crazy part is thats no troll. Thats actually Sam Walton founder of Walmart reinvigorated and given a new body to live out immortality.
*F A K E*  *N E W S*
Gay
we do't like it
QQQQno
O familie de curvotine
You all covered this like you fully expected typical American's to be assholes because you dress different. Which suggests you have a low opinion of average people and assume the worst in them. This was a waste of 5 minutes of my life
Fuck the democratic party. Our government is using this false flag to disarm americans. You will NEVER get our fucking guns assholes!
Way to good statement I know philipinos don't talk the way that lawyer talked
Crazy ass white people im scared
*Oh Wow! God is amazing! : O*
Yeah Rock n Roll Mexico!
Sadly no one will remember him by this time next year, like the formerly famous Atsugiri Jason.
SJW outrage... no one in the real world cares.
Tommy's like this Bob Dylan-esque rock star now. To me, The Disaster Artist is a much more lyrical title than 'I'm Not There'. Yet Dylan's career is more 'The Disaster Artist' in terms of making a name for himself. And Tommy's more the 'I'm Not There' in that he has this coolness that removes himself from his bad movie. More mystique about Tommy than Bob I'd say - whether rightfully or wrongly, that's the paradox.
Kneeling is kneeling sitting is sitting cant compare the to is 2 totally different thing
Our little puppets! Bored now. .
Wait I'm confused has a hurricane hit the British Isles before?
MrShrimpton said it was der Germans.???
If Paddock wanted to escape he wouldn't have been on the 32 floor.. Patsy for sure.
The Sherriff is either lying or dumber than fried chicken...most likely both.
I feel so bad for why don't we they were on lockdown
Yet another Soros sponsored NWO,RED FLAG HIT JOB! Like Sandy Hook, Giffords, Aurora...That long list of FBI/CIA orchestrated destruction.\nAlmighty God Yahweh you can not get here soon enough to rid the world of this aberrant evil that roams this earth. Luciferians are like bubonic plague ridden rats on a sinking ship! Agape PRAISE El Shaddai Yahweh!
SNOWFLAKE. LOL! Triggered ugly bitch.
Hay!!! Ease up with The Conspiracy theory and causing them of lying  they are doing their job chaos of this magnitude will always be suspect just wait and see what transpires like little kids you are.
An example of what's to come. More unmanned and more sophisticated explorers and telescopes. A great and wise way to use technology to answer the most important question of the human race. Are we alone?
Yet they call us conspiracy theorists.
Pretty sure no one wants to loot that...sorry for all the victims...sorry also that our President isn't mentally capable of understanding their pain or how to respond... </3
But, still not sorry about what she did to the Viet Nam vets. Phoney pig of a woman.
So woman cant act either. Hmm i knew they gave blow jobs for walmart manager positions, but not this.\nI am shocked and apalled
May all the victims Rest In Peace
Turns out this was just overly sensitive black women trying to bash Trump.
Coworkers breath in Tha morning be like
all my suport for these freedom fighters, democracy fighters in Catalonia.\nSpain is still ruled by the fascists descendents of the Franco dictactorship
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
he mentioned hotel cameras. show us the hotel camera footage to verify your timeline...
Free Catalonia!
yeah!
Uber is shit. Good riddance

Lmao soccer players dont do this shit lets go watch that
He knew. They all knew.
Does anyone know of any markets in the GTA that are actually local?
Totally shocked by Megyn Kelly's announcement at 4.57.  It sounds like she is saying 'Arseholes at night'! Better to emphasise the second word ( 'Souls' ) instead of the first ('Our').
Do this woman feel sorry for this woman really???
In a Hollywood? Come on! Journalist. 70s through the 80s! Anita a Hill! Dumbass!
God, Kellyanne, shut up!
The ref got the decision correct! The free kick is for handball outside the area. There was no penalty as the forward was not fouled. He went down looking for the penalty with minimal contact.
i didn't not know wade wilson was here.
I BELIEVE THAT MORE THAN ONE PERSON WAS INVOLVED IN THIS MASSACRE, IF THIS IS TRUE THEN MR PADDOCK'S DEATH WAS PLANNED TO TAKE THR FALL.
Burn the tickets all you want.. be a biased short sided part of the problem. I am sorry for all those who have sacrificed and for the people who stand for the flag and fight for our country. Rich or poor we have the right to peaceful protest. By the way, Ray Lewis didn't plead guilty to murder he was questioned and was ruled out as a suspect. If you're gonna use an example.. use a good one.. our service men and women serve our country to protect the rights that our founding fathers afforded us the rights to which include the right to peaceful protest. So tired of living in a fracture world my God. We all finish in a pine box or on a cold slab. At the end of the day. This movement is just about people of ALL races and Creed's joining together asking for equality.. their is no black or white or Asian or Hispanic culture here.. were American and we are a melting pot of religions and colors of skin and differences abound.. if we do not appropriate tolerance we breed hate and ignorance..
Damn not bad looking kids.
I guess after 16 years, September 11 will again take several lives...
Breaking News: A loudmouth Emotional Black woman called someone racist.   \n\nAnd Idiot report acts like some hack on a pathetic sports talk show on failing ESPN is somehow influential. 
360 vdeos are LAME
The views are 666 
They do so with very little framework for a society and for a government.\n\nEh? What's that you say, laddie? Blacks need to be told how to organise themselves?
If my girl and my beyblades are both drowning and I could only save one you can Catch me letting it rip at my girls funeral Cause it's bey blade or catch a fade my nigga 
how long do you think they spent coming up with the pun Pet Peeve
How come he allowed to make  this video..
I did not expect to see Earle Brown mentioned in this video. Nice one, Vox.
Couldn't have said it any better.
All because of marijuana business...
The rest of the world can see the US has a real gun problem, but not many American reporters seem to mention it. I'm glad the UK now has some of the most stringent gun control laws in the world after the 1987 Hungerford shooting or we'd have our share of nutters killing people too.
Where is this black dudes neck.
And some people are calling for the repeal of the second amendment.
fugatzo sucazalo  homosada dicktata
No rime or reason to this madness. Whatever his motives were he took along with him.
motherfucker cant even burn paper correctly hahahahahahaha
Go beyond the looks you can see this is a good tight knit familyS everybody should want a family as close as this one.
To bad so sad, the audio recording was released and you all look like the lying fools you are.
This has like no views but yet is trending...
Apparently i only like rap because I'm a cuck
Gunman
The Islamic State has claimed responsibility.
I like Tommy and think Franco's a dickhead but doesn't Tommy seem coked up?
Too many people want to play like Cipher in the matrix, just being blind and wanting help to be at the top
Black people: *says everything Dale Hansen just said over the span of decades and decades*\nUs: Stop playing the victim\n*Dale Hansen, white male, says it once*\nUs: Omg well said; you are so right! Thank you so much for saying this! What kind of country are we?
That a hell
or everyone just stay home and watch the game
Oh... And I thought she was going to retire with this video.... Oh and Ha Ha
Jerry miculek can fire as fast as a bump fire stock. Do we ban fingers too?
Funny that old Pat didn't care about disrespect for our president under the previous regime
Throw a tennis ball in the middle
I do not want to be this man
This is MSM trying to make the bullshit somehow more plausible. Consservative type guy, owns 20+ guns attacking a country music festival? He really doesn't seem the type to be targetting the patriottic White people associated with country music festivals. Things don't add up in the slightest. Then there's the report of a woman that got carried away harrassing people saying you're all going to die. Why aren't we hearing more of that? Have they found this (apparently hispanic) couple thatt said that yet?  I think this is a massive false flag or cover up. Someone from a (((protected group))) targeted White Americans in the most savage way and they don't want to deal with the backlash of people realizing where it came from ad what goes behind all that. Some Antifa J$w or Black guy. They then framed some old White guy they had scoped out. This is speculation. Of course. But it seems more plausible than what is being told. Look at the Lavon affair.
Rip UK
Watching the video almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter,
Yeah right! How's about showing some damage to the streets, car damage, etc! You can't because there is none! 
Someone should played the song Ophelia
I'm glad he killed people. People are bitches and deserve to die
They don't know how he got all those guns up to the room. It's Las Vegas and cameras are everywhere. You would either see one guy with a big heavy bag possibly stopping a couple times to catch his breath, or a guy making multiple trips to his room. I've seen shows with crummy cameras on a office building coming up with a picture of a car driving on the opposite side of the road to pin down what time someone drove down the street. There is pictures of this guy. Probably one of the guy getting stuff out of his cars trunk in the parking lot. Or the parking lot next door
Damn... Bloody truth man.
I am a professor says it all!  F....ing Libtard.
Totally deserved it!
Fuck this dumb Bitch and trump
Way too short.
Its not about hugh or me, its about connection
Wake up people this whole thing is FAKE. Like bostonhoaxathon sandyhoax and all the rest.
if i remember correctly there was a black samurai that worked for oda nobunaga and people from all around japan would go to see him to the point where some people got trampled to death, i think some servants of nobunaga when they first met tried to see if they could wash the black off of him, probably need some fact checking on that but im pretty sure those are things that happend
Looks outdated
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
Megyn looks stunning in that dress!
He might as well just tell them to get a lynch mob together. Smh. I guess the first amendment isn't even going to be safe in this country anymore. This man is undoing our democracy.
do i have to pay for this theater?
Okay, but in all seriousness, she's still a politician, putting a camera and microphone on her is a pretty surefire way to not get her true thoughts out.
Got that Casey neistat vibe!
Satan  is coming soon
So beautiful! Thank you for the great video man!
These leftists must be removed. Scrapped off of this planet.
BBC = British garbage network
Mckenzie is such a wonderful little girl.
Their is no bigger hypocrite then a hollyweird feminist.
Who is this elementary school teacher?
Stereograms of Wealth\nMatrix of Wealth\nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nStereograms to order\nPersonalized stereograms
Fake news just sat it out on my back porch north Tampa lots of wind some rain maybe a category 1
you think this is a false flag event your dumb
welcome to the rice fields
They would have a easier time with chihuahuas
when liberals think every conservative is a hill billy and conservatives think every liberal is a basement dweller
Stop Right Their THIEF!!!
I don't think he was that keen on her taking it, but couldn't show it. Personally I wouldn't want someone's kid helping themselves to my food whilst eating. The mother knew and did nothing.
Donald Trump caused this
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS????
Omg spain is a dictatorship
Probably watching NFL last night drinking beer
I think you read it to much that's why you think it's overrated
The city is so beautiful, but is a ghost city?
Out of all things racist... we're going with the confusing soap commercial?
We can only hope that if Kim nukes America, it will be exactly on top of whatever golf green Trump is putting on.
I didn't think juggalos or ICP still existed in 2017, this is news to me.
I am really insulted by this shit. The BBC are actually saying This is how gullible and stupid we think you are
It'll probably just be another boots on ground counter insurgency style occupation. Just another country our troops will rotate units in and out of indefinitely.
How do you tell if a section really has cracks?
Fooking genius.
*Watch out, Radioactive Man!*
The juice is loose!
You know Anne Hatahaway sat on that.
I support the players and I support the impeachment of Trump!  \nCheck out my President in Prison cartoon:).
why her eyebrows look like they are trying to fly away
Come to think of it, Capitalism is really about brainwashing women into consuming. Hmm
O.J. JUST SHOT UP THE VEGAS STRIP!!!! I AM CALLING IT RIGHT NOW!!!!!
Many Political comments from a interesting phenomenon.
Get our identity back and MAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN! I see the loons moaning at Trump, but all I see is a booming stock market, unemployment low, companies coming back to the US, and ISIS getting their butt kicked! We need to look and learn. Strong is the way and putting British people first is the way. The polices are SO easy to enhance living standards and make crime fall. Get rid of the filth, close the borders and MAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN!
If AZ was that worried about the fines, the state legislature could write a tax break for those in certain situations. But let's keep lying about why you're voting for it, Flake.
Freedom!!!!!!!
She is not involved. Trying to blame anyone else except the white guy who did it and the lackadaisical gun control laws in the US. The gun control debate was over after Sandy Hook once Americans decided they were ok with kids being killed. They did nothing. This is the U.S so just understand this will continue to go on. This is what your society has built.
What about the flashing lights on the 12th floor?? Plenty of videos showing it
God is trying to warn us, repent now!
NNNNNOOOOOooooooooo!!!!!!!!\nIf they do that I'm sending them my ex-wife's insurance record to prove how wrong they are!
CBS Los Angeles
DID U NOTICE THE VIEW THROUGH THE FORREST BEHIND THE HOUSE ?
Horrible woman and crowd full of  sycophants. She is so weak and probably on antidepressant overload from all the backstabbing. She can't lay down on an evening from the wounds
Comments on videos like this remind how stupid so many people are
It's always BBC 
nature strike back
I wonder if this had any effect at all or they'll just go back to it at another market
I don't see how anyone can disagree with this
3:47 marry someone who looks at you like the way he looks at tommy
What is the song at 2:40
Now that's depressing
Bazingaaaahhhhhh!!
I knew Tump would find a way to screw Americans.
The way you brought up the Pulitzer Prize, I thought you were gonna say it was a fluke year like the book was actually garbage and is acclaimed for no reason
go listen to AJR and subscribe to them please
Amen brother so many have made bad things happen and you are saving us. Amen brother. Yes sir I'm 10 so I am  \nLiking him myself. Take this bad people
Moronic uproar over absolutely nothing.
YouTube trending only targets liberals as indicated by the dislikes.  Look at all other Fox videos and the like ratio is 96%.  Interesting social engineering techniques.
Racism only exists in the mind of a racist
Who came here from trending
She doesn't see ammo boxes all over his house????
That's a woman lol she looka like aman
Yeah good destroy it all. So no Terrahumans like liberals and lgbt would never reside
C'mon guys...
Santa is white, is he?
End of the world is coming too many bad events happening at once
Watch this please: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvnU8TAiG8E
vineet kumar
These people don't pay your bills. I don't know why people idolize them.
It didn't happen in america so we don't really care.
Where was David Duke? \n\n
well they are just farmers trying to make a living....no big deal. I rather buy from these farmers than some large grocery chain. \n\nHowever, I do think they are wrong in calling this local or home-grown and so on....and for selling the same produce at a higher price. I expect quality produce at a cheap cost if it's going to be this way.
*CBS IS PARTLY TO BLAME!*
What the fuck is wrong with white people ?
So butt hurt haha
The policeman should be arrested for trespassing on the track
Lol wonderful
We are in the last days! People better wake up! Read your Bible! The book of Revelation is fulfilling prophetic.! Jesus is coming!
I know em just in memes,  I didn't think they are real XD
This is why Americans hate CNN, Political correctness and SJWs.\n\nFuck these professionally offended bastards.
Iu@ Hmm kklll ,, dt ubwb n.a..com ys .\n@
We are now officially boycotting the NFL were not going to watch your games were not going to buy your merchandise RIP NFL
This is so fucking awkward 
Notice that this is on trending with 16k views. Alex Jones makes a video and gets 1M views in a day and doesn't make it onto trending. Youtube only allows liberal propaganda in their trending section.
Apparently she's got an appointment next week to have a backbone inserted probably done on the nhs
Sorry, but the announcer is terrible.  His voice and style does not work on a show like the Emmys.
North Korea did the forest fires.
why is this considered my hw if i live in ny.....
I'm Dominican, I live in Santo Domingo. Haiti has had a very stigmatized history by corrupt governments and politicians. \n\nLike EVERY INDEPENDENT COUNTRY in the world, we have RULES and foreigners have to FOLLOW THEM, to keep the stability. In spite of this, in the DR Haitians CAN work, rent a house, and receive FREE medical assistance, such as an average Dominican!!! \n\nTheir culture is so different to us, but we DON'T mistreat them!!! I'm MD and a huge amount of my patients are Haitians, so, this documentary is partial.
Mexico is on the highway to hell
How bout these hoes bump my new track while they learn how to drive. https://soundcloud.com/daniel-thompson-551711232/speakeasy-prod-yungsammich
The hero we need
The question posed by the title of the video is easily answered: White people are racist everywhere.
PLEASE HELP Support Ale! SHe need our help to raise money to fight cancer! All support is greatly appreciated https://www.generosity.com/medical-fundraising/together-by-alejandra--2/x/17437442
Anniversary of 1985 quake yet its 2017 SEVENTEEN! - CBS get your sh*t together.
Jesus say who is next ?
Category 3 horrible right......Look at him no rain coat short sleeves no water on him anywhere....
Easy on the trump bashing here youtube
Watch & wait! The girlfriend in the Philippines has more than a little involvement in this!
Thank you for the truth
OMG
Head of the religious fatwas Sheikh Saad Al Hajari SAID Women not equal to men, have OLY quarter of a brain, and don't deserve to drive.  So don't do it Saudi Arabia or ur men with full brain will be jobless & useless.. Haha....
What about this video was tough to look at?
All the make up in the world . Still lopsided
Where was Crystal Griner? Did she stay away because of her hatred for Scalise who is against same sex marriage?
Ha this is what Montana of 300 meant by fire in the church
was it an immature, inappropriate comment? yes. but not sexist. i'm not sure why either of them took offense to it.
White person kills another white person in the name of hate in Charlotesville, non stop media attention for weeks and weeks.  Black refugee kills white person out of hate, media is silent.
Is it. Storm or a hurricane?
This is how you devalue real racism.
Disarmament Agendas \n\nGunman - Terrorist\n same thing !!!!!  just cause he happened to be WHITE!!!  doesn't exonerate him from the job carried out.
OH Sweet heart - now we can meet to park my car in your garage! Change oil and filter as often as revenge!
 gotta admit trump is having fun with it
I think the kneeling thing is rather stupid and immature, but men and women died to protect the constitution and people's freedoms. Those freedoms include protest. President should be frying bigger fish than giving these fools the attention they crave.
Criminals don't follow laws so we might as well not have them? So do you also think that we shouldn't make owning meth, bombs, and child porn illegal too? No? Then please re-evaluate your argument and realize what a stupid argument it is
sad pathetic senile old man
white devils
stop it natural disasters that's just gonna make more people seek refuge in America christ
Freemason Communist Dog
Goodell needs to go!  Boycott the NFL.
hes such an intelligent human being. Brillant.
Every one of those trees better be an apple tree, or else what's the point?
Hey, look on the bright side... At least they're only NY Giants tickets. No harm done.
I must say, I am disappointed. Though I am not surprised, he isn't any brighter than the idiot president. Demagogue, in the flesh.
Who came from trending?
I would drop a nice hot load in Mary Lou
These kids voices are absolutely beautiful 
Every *9/11* something horrific happens..
Great little documentary! Unfortunately the end titles credit 'In C' to Earle Brown. As the voice over stated correctly: 'In C' is composed by Terry Riley.
Good bless you friends!! We are with you ... \nsi podemos!!
Trump fans... So what do you'll have to say about this now?
What the guy in the black car did was pretty much vehicular assault, perhaps attempted murder. The man who got shot with the stun gun and handcuffed had full right to be upset at the driver of the black car for potentially having killed him.
This is amazing.  \nAnd this man is fucking HERO.
Really good video, not even too political.
This needs music
US history is more like white fake ass news.  we don't believe you, the moon landing hoax, the earth is flat and all A listers are trannies.
2468 whos your monkey ape
That guy has got bare shakes 
This is further proof the general population is composed of brainwashed monkeys ready to accept the latest trend. If they can get satisfaction with something so insignificant as the same phrase being repeated within 2 seconds multiple times within a song it just shows home simple minded they really are. How unsatisfactory must your pathetic existences be to find such enjoyment. Alas I care not for I have much better things to do in this life than listen to tasteless rubbish. Hell why do you think you baboons get music stuck in your head? Oh that's right because its the same word repeated 200 times in 5 seconds. That is hardly a song at all. Now excuse me while I sharpen my intelligence with genuinely useful knowledge rather than corrupting sound waves.
Trump 2020
Cost is missing a 0. Closer to 4B not 400M
      ,    ...     ,      ( )
I'm confused. At first it was reported that the girlfriend was in Australia. Then I hear she's in Tokyo. Then all of a sudden she's in the Philippines. Is this just bad reporting? Or is she seriously hopping around to all these places?
Sad and unfortunate.\n\nMy family lives in the fire-prone Chico area on a mesa. Also, after watching wildfire documentaries with evidence and demos from fire prevention research, the single biggest factor in housing survival is:\n\n*removing fuel,* ie dry grass, pine needles, wooden decks, leaves and other shrubs and debris *immediately near the house.*\n\nThe rare raging inferno may take everything, but *embers alone without fuel will go out* and houses can and do  go unscathed *if cleaned and landscaped properly.*
What is the song at 0:35??
What the???
I really dont understand how people could joke about this, too early.
ur mum gey
Hefner was a Jewish puppet used to destroy this country's morals.
I was at las vegas 3 weeks ago.
Lol they use a electronic song when it was a country festival
Paleeze!!
Knee lovers are cocklovers
Alex Jones was right. What now bitches?
Suuuree ya fuckin weeeiirrrrdo
Suuuree ya fuckin weeeiirrrrdo
I mean 4 years ago we had YouTube. Yet this was never in news! Thanks to Wikileaks and people who are leaking hidden secrets.
youtube is running out of trends i see.
Cali kinda deserves this...
Here we go again 
Find Jesus Christ and stop leading our country into further destruction . People have enough problems without yalls help.
Did GOD create you?\nDid JESUS die for u?\nIs hell real?\nIs JESUS coming back?\n\nDo yourself a Favor... Answer these questions!\n\nPs don't assume you'll have tomorrow to do it!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThat if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord JESUS, and shalt believe in thine heart that GOD hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved\n\nRomans 10:9
These same people yell and scream that other races are violent.
I have family there
Seeding clouding weather manipulation could cause rain very easily put out these fires if the powers that be wanted to. But.....  cloud seeding is in use all over the earth. It was introduced for Beijing olympics &  can cause-near  instant rain.  This is man made chaos and fires to bring fear and destruction.
she's right.  all those women suck a goat's dick to get a role in a movie. now they're talking...
Go to my channel and watch my play list and you will be happy :) guaran-fucking-teed.
What else are they gonna add a hologram bolder falling down.??
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
Use eazycash for $50 http://featu.re/eazycash
The lady: What are you doing?\nthe cop: Move lady lets go.. its for your safety.. ANIMALS are on this plane
It is absolutely patriotic to support anyone's freedom of speech even if it's not how you express yours. Soldiers died fighting in support and swore an oath to the Constitution including the Bill of Rights. \nCongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.\n\nIf you think not standing during the flag should get one fired or a crime you are anti American.
Love Jane, to hell with the haters. The same people demeaning her are the ones voting for the predator in chief currently in the white house. Elect a clown, expect a circus.
3 more years to go!
Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks y
Hollywood hypocrisy galore...
Stop monkeying around
Wow that is devastating.... :(
I was watching football like a true American
She thought this was gonna be like an United Airlines thing, were people would take her side, with all the phones out recording, but instead she made herself look like a total dumbass. \n\nYou're a professor? You're the person teaching the children of the future. Crap. We need to put every professor on an airplane, put them through this same exact situation, and see what they do. Just to see what their retarded meter is.\n\nHer Meter is definitely a: 9.5/10
Some of us actually hate repetition. It simplifies music too much.
So glad Hollywood was able to laugh about this...instead of...you know...doing something about it...but yes, haha, very funny...
Its because you cant get twerked on to rock or country simple as that
Allah will destroy you all now ! You have gone against his law ! Oh , wait , there is no god , i forgot.
Muslims again.
I was in it, and it was actually pretty massive, it was horrible, sending my prayers for those who where affected
Cool!
Ugh, all these perfect parents are annoying.
never has there been two ego maniacs like Megyn Kelly and Jane Hanoi Jane Fonda pompous arrogant complete drones .  Redford that ship has come and sailed but still hanging on for some publicity and to be adored by the public.  PATHETIC !!!!!
I'm here before this becomes a meme  0:13
god. that's so amazing. not even awkward. just pure funny
This guy doesn't know if people are mad at him, feel bad for him, hate him or just want answers. He has been catapulted into millions of other people's games. He is weird, you would be to outside your house with all neighbors staring out on national tv with 20 reporters knowing you will go down as the interview after the deadliest shooting in America done by his brother. Give him a break
What if an overweight person stepped on that not knowing it was supposed to be like that?
12:54 The first thing that comes to my mind was that she wasnt gonna get shot when she was walking through the hotel, and the cops came in -gunmans brother ...  hmm wasnt there a press release & pictures of the gunmans wifes plane surrounded by law enforcement the minute she landed in Vegas from the Philippines? ... kinda weird ..
this hurricane ... its not strong as Irma nor Harvey, Maria, and Jose. \n\nEDIT: I'm sorry for underestimating guys... apologies It's a category 2
I don't see how anyone can disagree with this
At 10:59 you can see little Kim waving at the plane
Bad movie
Damn not bad looking kids.
What a crash and no Dannica..
So when we take a knee for fallen soldiers that's  disrespectful too pure dumb ass here
good thing there is nothing out there for the storm to break
Im done sorry my niners ..Im done my Oakland A's im done my spurs Im done no more sports for me no buying jerseys no going to games no buying products fom companies that back up the NFL...Oh yea CNN Fake news!
so based on this argument, the most fair thing to do would be a flat tax rate across all income levels, thus deductions have the same net effect regardless of income level\n\nalso, someone please explain how income inequality is a bad thing
america has ALOT of problems...
She confused Alabama with Mississippi
*YOU'RE FIRED*
Amen sir, Amen.
If these things are legal I need to get some for protection asap!
i think it's about time people start abandoning ship on those southeast of US islands. what happens if there's another hurricane maria next year? all that recovery money from the first round wouldve been wasted. we live in climate-change-consequences time so i'd think such a preventative measure is the only way to go. we cant stop hurricanes. we cant unify as humanity to recognize climate change is real.we cant reach any resolution to the problem as a result. there's nothing else these people can do.
Megyn Kelly is trash lol
Funny what passes for news theses days.
Hefner was a Jewish puppet used to destroy this country's morals.
this isnt cool if your selfish enough to want one last horah before you die you should leave civilians out of it and do somthing cool like the guy who stole a tank of guy who made an armored bulldozer
Seth MacFarlane = Dillion Harper
anyone regretting not supporting Bernie or Johnson now?
Conspiracy.... Mexico kicks out the ambassador of North Korea and then earth quake happens.
Women want to be treated equally but get offended easily, and want us to speak to them  in a different way. My boy believes in boobs ain't nothing wrong against you. He likes boobs why she have to go out of her way and be offended gosh.
no game of throne?
I wouldn't tell people this that didn't know now they can easily do so
Why is ppl not talking about the earthquake in California? ??
This guy will probably die within the next two years..
https://youtu.be/indBRAC3xyc
Fuck all this global warming bullshit we are screwed any way.
why not have a set tax rate of say 15% for all people on all types of income? why must this be such a difficult problem. If equality is sought then make the numbers equal on those levels. Why should a person be punished with higher tax rates just for making as much as he/she can? Why should someone be encouraged to make less to dodge a higher tax rate?
I'm a republican and I did not vote for trump because I knew he was the scum he's been but trump completely lost me after his comments last week I agree 1000% with Dale I personally am not bothered by the anthem protests and never will be lets be honest we don't watch football for the national anyone who stops watching cause of the anthem protests is an idiot anyone who stops watching cause mediocre backup Colin Kaepernick isn't signed is an idiot I've had to call out my own fanbase the Tennessee Titans for their behavior while national anthem protests solve nothing and will continue to solve nothing players have every right to do it and no one should care they need to keep players in the locker room before the anthem and stop showing it on tv that will solve all issues. We were divided before trump now trump has divided us and thrived off it sadly and he will continue to divide us to boost his own ego and campaign
This second video totally chokes me up and feels genuine. The first seemed too defensive. I feel for him and his family. They didn't chose to live a life of doubting if they could fix this. Really put yourself in this position based on the last conversation you had with your family.
Is this european union????
I love a good prank! lol
*ORIGINALLY!,,, I WAS AGAINST THIS WOMAN!, AND I WAS GLAD SHE WAS TREATED LIKE THIS!* .....\n\n*BUT NOW!!...AFTER SEEING ALL THE IDIOTIC STUPID COMMENTS!.. BY ALL YOU DUMBSHIT DIPSHIT IDIOTS!!... I HAVE KIND OF CHANGED MY MIND!!!!* ...\n\n\n*WELL!!!!... SHE IS RIGHT ABOUT ONE THING!!.... THERE SHOULD NOT BE ANY* **ANIMALS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!** *ON A GODDAMN AIRPLANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*\n\n*YOU GODDAMN STUPID SHIT! SHITWADS!!,, SHOULD NOT BRING! YOUR GODDAMN STUPID PETS!!!!!!!!!!!!, ONTO A GODDAMN AIRPLANE!!!!!!!! WITH MANY OTHER PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*\n\n*ANIMALS SHOULD NOT BE ON A GODDAMN AIRPLANE! AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PERIOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*\n\n*ARE YOU TELLING ME!!?... THAT YOU CAN BRING!!.. AN* ***ANIMAL!!*** .. *DIRECTLY INTO THE PASSENGER CABIN!!!!!?.. AND SEATS!!?... OF AN AIRLINE AIRPLANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????????*\n\n*WELL GOOD FUCKING GODDAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* ....\n\n.. *I SURE AS HELL! DO NOT WANT TO BE SITTING! ALL CRAMPED! & COOPED UP!! ON AN AIRPLANE!!, WITH SOMEONE'S GODDAMN STUPID!! NASTY! NUISANCE OF A PET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* ...\n\n... *OR EVEN THEIR BLASTED!! NUISANCE!!! DAMN!!!!* ***KIDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*** *FOR THAT MATTER!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA*
Does people keep forgetting that Colin Kaepernick opted out if his contract? His ass would still be on an NFL roster this year but he decided he didn't want to play for San Francisco.
God Bless President Donald J Trump.    He is talking directly to politically correct morons that UNBELIEVABLY finds a way to defend , disrespecting their own  American Flag..........mentality beyond the ridiculous............ YOUR FIRED!!!!!!!!!
Obama gave us Gunstock.  2010. Blood on Obama hands.
Oh My God!  I just clicked on this video and saw the face of Whoopi Goldberg? Excuse me while I grab my air-sickness bag - size extra-large.  I'm outta here!
Where was David Duke? \n\n
SJW outrage... no one in the real world cares.
Who waching in 2017
Hey #9 how you doin'?
But, they aren't kneeling just because nothing says that you have to stand. I hope they weren't disrespecting America and veterans who fought for our freedom. I don't know the true reason why they don't stand. (But, who came up with the idea of standing during the national anthem anyways?) And I know they can't be kneeling/protesting for equality when they reap benefits that so many other American's don't.
subhanallah
Pray for Vegas
Your jokes aren't jokes....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*BRO*
I think it's amazing humans can take resources from the Earth and create something like this with them.
I can never understand why we could not have a flat tax, with no deductions or tax credit. Its simple and easy. Itll solve everyones problem.
ALLAHU AKBAR! Allah is so Loving that he let women drive now. Now women can go shopping for husband without husband having to get up off couch and stop eat kebab flavor potato chip! FUCKING YEAH! 'RABIA
ANOTHER DEVASTATEING LOSS TO THE WORLD OF ROCK & ROLL , REST EASY TOM I THANKYOU FOR THE GOOD TIMES YOU BROUGHT TO MY LIFE !! RIP
:(
Que patraa de vdeo,que os quede claro el que se quiere ir a comer a parte es porque quiere comer mas
You people don't get it, it's not a coincidence, it's....... GEOSTORM!!!!
This is why I joined the internet.
After many days I found a quality video
Why
According to the broadband map I live in a blue section that gets good internet yet here I am with crappy expensive satellite as my only option.
a human tragedy....another...
Oh my God oh my god I'm atheist but I should say that I'm really so sorry I'm watching from Alaska thanks
gerns is faking
Burn down  all the liberals over there please
who the fuck is screaming? why the fuck?
Ohhhhh no wonder why Kylie is not on this interview
Oh wow, had no idea there was a hurricane out there. Hope everyone makes it okay! I just went through a hurricane in Florida several weeks ago. Was horrible! Best wishes from the US!
*BOYCOTT CBS* #TillTheyDie
That boy yea right song is so annoying imo
It is entirely up to us whether we lift the world up to new heights, or let it fall into a valley of disrepair. \n\n     -Donald Trump 2017
He looks at them.....omg, you where all once in my balls 
These poor tortured souls. Leading there fans into darkness. One of the leaders said it's about love, read the lyrics to Blackened Eyes, it is some disgusting, sick filth. Or, read any lyrics from these creeps, it turns my stomach!
No deaths..no morgue anywhere with  ppl from vegas..videos of person saying ,it's FAKE and  standing up to suppose gunfire shots..concert ppl didn't know if real or not but crisis  actors did along with their PR.firm who by the way only operates on their clients wishes..hence government  and then MEDIA sources..all A hoax. On the American mind.
https://youtu.be/iI7-GYHukX0
Cybernet T2 big brother
Truly cute
, trojan horse you take in teenagers for abroad cloves  them feed them house them and they try to blow up a train full of people
the end is nigh...soon you benefit scroungers will be chased out the country
Rap has the best BASS
 I quite like storms..just saying..
No tacky McMansion is complete without it!
If it's not climate change then I guess God just trying to get rid of America
As a black man I can honestly say black women are idiots
As a parent you need to understand that certain areas of the stands are not safe for small children.  My kids and I sit in the upper deck.
So butt hurt haha
DON'T LET THIS DISTRACT Y'ALL THAT GRAMMARLY CAN FIX YOUR GRAMMAR INSTANTLY!!!
He'll be dead in a year.
Even if there is anything being hidden, it does not make any sense for a planned attack on a random crowd of people. Even if there was one target in the crowd, it would be incredibly difficult to locate and hit from that distance.
CNN = Corrupt News Network #FakeNews
#FuerzaMexico
Maria is actually my middle name
Made in China... I'm not walking on that bridge LOL!
Hey guys trump is ban country music cuz it attacking terrorists so now we should burn our CDs
U can still print ur tickets off online
Why did Harvey Weinstein contribute EXCLUSIVELY to the Democrats?\n\nWhat did a rapist pig like him want in return from the Democrats?
Surely no-one can possibly gain that much power to send 40,000 people into unemployment in such short notice!
Oh where oh where have has his little spine gone? oh where oh where can it be?
This is my replacement?
#1 On trending?\nWhat??
Soon church clothes will be body armour....
What good is that building for when no one is buying their phones anymore
We will respond to whatever might be thrown at us lol
Fooking pussies
2016: An emotional beat down\n\n2017: A physical beat down
bro.. I would shit myself.
Just be thankful she didnt win!
The Bull S*** in all this is what bothers me. Those with mental illness really need to be taken seriously because this S*** is not ending but getting worse. I'm sorry to all of the Victims who suffered at the hands of the Gunman. And I'm sorry to the families as well to have to go through this tragedy. R.I.P. to the Victims who suffered at the hands of the Gunman and God bless.
Why should other people change to fit your needs? No one else should suffer because of you.
Didn't god create the world in 7 days
Nobody wants to watch a show here a bunchof Hollywired clones make fun of the best POTUS we ever had. The Lizards are running scared!!!!
are you watching you silly little dumbfuck students in the uk. the young supporting the establishment structure are the problem.....our lunatic liberal (Marxist) educators haveknocked the anti authority sentiment out of our young. they love the existing power structure.
Why is the flag ripped in some places??
Criminals are gonna find a way to get a hold of anything.
It's simple, to Republicans money and tax breaks are more valuable than hard working American lives.
I identity as an Attack Helicopter
Fresh off the boat anyone ?
CNN are fucking scum and pig shit
This is what decades of open borders gets you.
why nate, who named the harricane?
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en
Bizarre Lava-Like Landslide .............yeah.............a mud slide so....
This is what happens when you do a lot of ice (meth)
This video picture shows that it's got MSNBC behind it; this was really all I needed, but it got 1 second out of me prior to hitting the stop button to write a comment. This 1 second shows a panel of which I don't need to hear a word. Now this panel is really icing on the cake - lackeys of the luciferic one world government agenda > leftist commie tactic of divide and conquer. Let it take it's course to separate the wheat from the chaff and be forever a reminder of the wickedness of humanity and what it leads to.
Does anyone remember that one family guy episode? 
drinking in liberal tears.. hahaha
I feel if you're kneeling, but still have your hat off and hand over your heart, their message is still being portrayed, and they are still respecting the flag. Who says you need to stand cmon we all know they respect the foundation of the us and it's veterans.
Hope the Yankees pay that hospital bill. Hope she's okay.
That sucks, but if it was an adult, it would be just another incident. A fan could get hit all the way up at a stand in the furthest corner, at what point did everyone need a safe space. Shit happens, that's life.
K
maybe he will hook up with the Kardashians
Why is she so Fat. She looks like that muppets pig
Nice typo in the title. I think you were going for lowlights.
I guess that frost wasn't as perma as they thought. Waaaaahhhhhhh.....\n\nNo, but this is a very serious situation...
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGSY-BfDSMceyekhCGSUKaA/featured?view_as=subscriber
 Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights.\n\nTen hut hut.
This works terrorism
Hugh Hefner's last words: *Oh God, the flames, I''m burning!!!!!!*
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
Comunist propaganda media BBC is happy that London dropped the license for Uber, what a surprise...
Clint eastwood is going to be the next to go
One antifa vs the... :-)   ?
Smart lady.
This looks so cool when you're high
It doesn't matter if there's a fucking budget you gotta help regardless. Fucking retard worst president ever he always acts like a spoiled little kid on Twitter! Act like your fucking age man even my grandpa could humiliate you
Job well done NASA! \nCongratulations for the wonderful success of Cassini mission!
Seeding clouding weather manipulation could cause rain very easily put out these fires if the powers that be wanted to. But.....  cloud seeding is in use all over the earth. It was introduced for Beijing olympics &  can cause-near  instant rain.  This is man made chaos and fires to bring fear and destruction.
Should've mentioned Dominican dictator Trujillo's massacre of Haitians\nhttps://www.ncas.rutgers.edu/center-study-genocide-conflict-resolution-and-human-rights/dominican-republic-and-parsley-massacre-1937
Praying is dumb.
Well done.
This is bullshit. Black cabs charge too much. Make black cabs charge a fair amount.
Bannon is a great American and has a far better grasp on history and reality then the entirety of our media. His thinking is exactly what this country needs and what liberals and the media don't get about our country.
what a weak way to breed. that should have limitations
Hide your kids, hide your wife ETC.
maybe the streets should take their government back
Wtf is this doin in my trending?I'm a jaffa
Because most humans are super basic mentally . In this day in age , music must be repetitive to climb the charts. Its the only way people will listen and its sad . Mainstream music is so trash these days because of this concept
NOPE
Triggered
Do Star Wars plz!
if he was a muslim they will call him a terrorist
Is she a suspect well ask the American organized crime groups Isis ,isil, al-Qaida antifa, whatever name pick of the week, the military, the msm are they going to use her as a pawn as well?
#2 trending in Australia
Why 24.13 million Australians don't have fast internet
I am very surprised when I hear the host speak Japanese, because I just heard him speak mandarin in the higher brothers video. Like I'm native chinese and have learnt japanese for 4 years and its obvious that this Dexter's Mandarin and Japanese are native level, like he doesnt even have that foreigner accent
The government just needs to enforce that all building connections must be 500mbps fiber. That will get all ISPs moving fast to get that dark fiber up and running to each house and business across the country. They can't possibly squeeze that much speed out of copper. I'd like to see them try.
If we don't punish the people who sold this man the illegal kits to make these weapons automatic, it will happen again. We are a nation of laws Right? Then enforce the FECKING laws...
I found my 8 half siblings & only half wanted anything to do with me. And 3 of the 4 that did were superficial to protect their family business. Kind of disheartening so I put the block on them & went on with my life. I didn't feel pain from it before & so why have it now? Not everybody is able to be open like this family I guess.
Lol that thumbnail, BBC Logo with a reporter with a RT mic
He is Awesome
It took me a long time to like hugh hefner.
I still think it's funny the good ol'boys from down south helped elect a billionaire Yankee New Yorker.
Heyyy im in missi... oh fuck a brick just hit my window
What about the monkeys that scream allahu akbar while they drive a truck into crowds? Would love to see a documentary on your conversing with them.
This is a rouse to get the government to fork out money for Daca and illegal public assistance recipients. Where are the celebrities? They dont give a shit their houses are burning? Lies!! False news!!
Good to see he is ok and walking around, truly, now hopefully this experience will change his mind of fucking the american people and trying some bipartisanship.
Why 2k dislikes?? Hello?
I'm in mccool with a cork in me bum...
Police are rapists, and they have raped several times you are congratulating white Supremacy you live in a police state and there now exerting there vicious behaviour towards white people.
the terror of a total annihilation must have been  unbearable back then, the terror of Isis seems like small potatoes in comparison
https://youtu.be/vWaljXUiCaE
Wilson = Pathological anti-white male bigotry!
Russia is stirring up the hate and some dumb Americans are chugging up the propaganda...Some Americans just got to hate something...
I am so relieved he had a Monocle... I thought for a moment he would fail but HE DID NOT
Good I hope all of those liars fucking burn!!! 
Diana's offsprings. The only Royals that seem to be normal.
Dave looks sooo tiny
There's a picture of the room, and next too the body, there's clearly a suicide note. Why have we heard nothing of it? \n\nSomething's incredibly fishy here. This man couldn't have possibly been a gun-loving person -- if he was, why would he sneak a massive amount of guns into a hotel, equipped with all the exact things liberals want to ban, and shoot at Republicans, most of which support the right to bear arms? He was to prepared. Its not easy to sneak nearly 30 guns into a hotel, setup survellience cameras outside your hotel room, while having a car packed with bomb materials, only to kill yourself. SOMETHINGS NOT RIGHT. \n\nI believe this man was a martyr. He was anti gun lunatic, who lost ant desire to live, and decided he'd go out making a point, hopefully pushing the anti-gun agenda while he was at it.
what the heck is a tube carriage? don't you mean A SUBWAY?!
I'm in Houma, LA 70360 with no wind, rain or chaos. Wanna buy a generator?
Overrated? Hype?\n\nReminds me of people who buy iPhones.
I fucking love him.
UK people are selfish and deserved to die more in the future.
Thank you so much cnn, for I have been enlightened
awesome, its a shame people don't see the awesome work nasa does
Ehhh. Dunkirk and Moonlights are both great movies and thats all I really want to know. I dont really care about the semantics of which critics liked it more or weather the percentage is fair. I think the tomatometer works great.\n\nIf movies are lower than 40% skip it. If its 40%-70%, depending on the content of the movie I might like it ok but I usually always rent. Around 85% definitely see it in theaters. Over 92% probably a movie you will remember for the rest of your life and maybe even buy.\n\nUsually I walk out of the theater going ya that was a 90% for sure or yeah that definitely was a 30% why did I waste my money on that crap
You can hear Democrats sighing of tremendous relief. This man had every right to say that violence on the left has gone too far. And I wouldn't blame him one bit if he did. They clap because only because this didn't cause any disruption. Sickening.
Uber is a fraud, a con, a scam and tries to suck and blow at the same time.  Dump this junk.  Only the driver and no one else should profit from rides.  Ubers software can be bought for $700 and replicate anything they do. There is no magic in matching a driver with a passenger.
Why is the camera so shaky
almost my whole family lives in cuba i pray for them\n\n1 like = ok im not even going to do it
Will it takeoff, orbit the Earth, and attach itself to the rest of the Starship Enterprise?
Margret thatcher was hated. but she had something that you will never have. she was called the iron lady. you are week week
Americans deserve this. They had it coming after years of bad eating habits, these weirdos are the results of genetic mutation by bad food.
Look at this idiot defending a monster who massacred people as if he was a hero. Guess what?? Your fffking brother was a psychopath and he did what he wanted to do
Black people shouldn't be able to have guns. They commit the most crimes. Fact.
Was it male entitlement when your bitch ass when to Hanoi to give comfort to the enemy. Your a bitch ass hypocrite. If it wasn't for daddy, nobody would have heard of her. SMMFH
I really don't get why people hate James Franco. He makes odd career choices sometimes with all his indie shit but he seems like a really great guy... loving the deuce and can't wait for this
MEGYN KELLY IS TERRIBLE. Awful. Awfully terrible!! Terribly awful. \nGo back to Fox News.
Somebody find this man a spine.
The fake outrage is real...or is it the real outrage is fake?
The animations between 5:25 and 5:45 don't sync up with the music. \n\nJust a heads up. Great video!
oh my fucking god name it Hurricane Ethan already
Lets not forget espn fired rob parker for calling robert griffin a cornball seems to me espb are double standard company
47k views 2days trending
Prayers
He is a moron
This is sum sort of...pedOPHILIA! 
I hope and pray for those that don't have power and lost their homes.
always showing the nice part of london( central london )  when in reality looks like a dump
Anybody who still believes anything Trump says, is a fool.
It will look much better after the USA nukes the shit out of it !!!!!!
This was a set up by the government
Sending prayers to the families this is truly a horrible offense.......
I lost it when Snoop was like ha ha ha he he he 
*smokes a blunt before work
i Live in Napa California and 4-5 miles away from the Fire
A great Overrated segment would be Beethoven's Fr Elise, a piece (not a song) he would have been flat-out embarrassed for anyone else to hear other than the enigmatic individual it was written for. It's not high at all on his list of musical accomplishments but it has come to define him to the masses!
Did any of you really think vox WOULDN'T connect the hurricanes to racism of course they did they are vox.
I hope all you religious idiots are taking stock in the extremism your fundamentalists are taking. DISGUSTING. Uneducated, ignorant and shameful
Sexist pig! Ugh...
He is a disaster for Canada. If so many in the states love him you can have him and his taxes for free , a gift from us Canadians.
you know that CSI reverse camera angle bullshit? - how do we use it here? LoL!
Read from 'the narrative'?!! This guy definitely seems under duress. Sending extra prayers his way.
Bob Costas. Other than Joe Buck, has the most punchable face in sports commentary.
I was on the plane the same day omg I was going from Dallas to Kansas City I was on south west
Glass bridge to do nothing on and no bridge to attend schools
Haha that Pokemon joke cracked me up bad 
Wow
Thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of Mexico. \n\n#dontforgetaboutme
I am legitimately surprised that there was no humping going on...
Harry is a 
What a fucking gay channel
He's practicing for Halloween x)
YES CHILDREN!!! YES!!! YES!!! YES!!!
BBC make a Planet Earth version of this - call it Microscopic Earth
This is true racism, Trump isn't racist.
Talking to trump
the ground already thawed. might as well plant something on top after they stop.
Why does everyone hate this women ??
stop kneeling retards
Rip Tom Petty we will miss you terribly my condolences for the family a legend to be remembered forever in our hearts sad !we love you Tom Petty!
I wouldn't surprise if media blame Russia now lol
The up most respect for you and our flag. BOYCOTT THE NFL!!!!
This hurricane is taking Florida by storm!!!
1:05 reptile confirmed........
Finally, he will be able to hunt down the real killer!
WAS THE GUNMAN A CHRISTIAN TERRORIST FASCIST???
I'm not black I'm OJ... okay
How do u tell if those cracks arent real?
HAHHAHHAHAHHHHAHAHHAHAHA GREETENGS TO FRANCISKO JAVIER SOLANA FROM SERBIA :**
Just get on and get us (UK) out of the EU. Why are you dithering?
dump her like spicer. shes a fucking cunt
Stupid people shouldn't be allowed on the Internet.
I say the security person with the hat could kick some ass .  LOL
This man got away with objectifying women because he's a peace of shit Democrat! It's ok for him to literally grab ladies by the pussy. Fuck you Liberals! I hope your boy died a slow painful death. The feminist are so sad it's funny how feminist love this man that objectified women
CoS JK made a great recommendation - Pres Trump shouldn't call.\nIt's the last call anyone would want, specially from him.
What? The Clintons and Obamas don't know the guy is a reported rapist? They spy on all of US, with access to top security and background checks and they don't know this slob is a reported rapist?  Really, how stupid do they think we are about how stupid they are?  No one is swallowing that, even the presstitutes apparently.
Trump should of built a wall to protect her and keep out the foul balls
So now the people get new homes at the tax payers expense.
That boy yea right song is so annoying imo
They will magically find a passport or know where he is hiding
10 years toooo long, lol just kidding. These people will be with us forever, lets be real
*hundreds. Don't sugar coat it, details were out by yesterday.
If you still don't know why then you must be pretty stupid. But hey, that's the MSM alright.
That guy is Awesome!
whoop whoop
As many as the shooting....I feel desensitized to disasters...
RIP to the shooter
Oh, my Pip-Boy just got LTE,
Dear Anti-gunners,\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSuck a dick.
Hell's Bells!!
1k likes vs 1k dislikes
this is all trumps fault, great job merica!!!
I'm burning all my falcons gear. fuck the NFL. I'm done. don't disrespect our flag , our country or especially the people who defend it. these people don't know or understand the average American. millions and millions of us are saying ( get those sons of bitches off the field!!! don't disrespect  our flag!!
What a time to live in.
It's not an easy thing to do, to console the family of the grieving. If our President didn't call they would have something to say. Shame on the Wilson for what she did, shame on the view! you are all a bunch of cackling hens cackling and gossiping on others peoples misfortune!!! SHAME ON ALL OF YOU!!!  you are all delusional! God bless our Military and our fallen heroes.They should be able to rest in peace without all the negativity of political gain on the part of Wilson! and again The View you all bunch of Cackling hens on a perch looking at who you can destroy and humiliate! never a word of encouragement or uplifting a person of moral character for humanity!!
Goodest bois 2K17
Lee nelson always up to something hes the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy
Do one on how harmonies work and sound so great.
More planes in the sky than boats in the water. Oof
Are all these natural disasters happening because of September 23rd?
Muslims must be so happy .
Sorry, but the triplet flow from the 80s are not that similar to the triplets today. There a certain stop on the end of each line, like a rest after three successions of notes in triplet rhythm.
off with her head!!
The guy in the pink shirt is gorgeous
Suspect was Psychopath.
its a doughnut
...She didn't want to get off cause she was going to visit her dad, didn't she say her dad is having surgery?
Lol how many blind spots do you think she has lol
Bannon was right, because at the end of the day there's not a man or woman on the planet that can look back and honestly say that they haven't said something deeply inappropriate in private. Maybe Ned Flanders is off the hook, but that's about it.
I like how the don't explain that their is a good reason he can afford two houses and a yacht...lets pretend all those rich people were born rich and money just fell in their pockets
Fuck trump. Impeach his dumbass already.
AMERICANS, CAN YOU DIG IT #TRUTH
Funny, all these comments say, 10 replies, 4 replies, 9 replies etc... then you click on them and there is only 1 or none showing... funny youtube, funny bluetube.
Do u guys get what's going on....? In the 19th and I think early 20th century their were drawings of white ppl cleaning up black ppl and the black ppl turning white.......
He ran a red light like every other shithead cyclist on Earth wtf did he think was going to happen? And change the title of this video to cyclist runs red light and faces the consequences.
I see hope. Oh damn tears.
Hurricane my ass, it was nothing but a normal irish day. The media lying to us as usual, exaggerating things and placing the masses in a state of panic and worry. How easy we are all controlled.
My question is did the doggy get the seat?
kind of ironic, I've watched a few of these vids - seeing shirts going up in flames better than newspaper and this poor guy trying to make a statement and those cardboard tickets wont hardly burn... what the hell are they made of - clearly they should make children's clothing out of that!!!
*5 hours  long?*\nRealy?\nNobody got time for that\nHay someone give me a bullet point summary below..\nThanx in advance
Next time just leave the black bitch out of it then.  Or how about we don't have any people in the ad.  Let's just have a bar of soap sitting there alone doing nothing.
This is incredible!! Im a Vietnam war era veteran and I never imagine to live to see the day American citizens able to purchase military weapons. This tell me there will be much more of these unnecessary killing massacres.
Fucking Communists if you dont want to live in Spain go live in Venezuela.
ok
Jane Fonda got more class, brains and beauty today and always, than that intervier Megyn Kelly has.\nThe way Jane Fonda handled that interview was amazing considering it was a full on nasty cut-throat remark by Megyn Kelly.\nI'm with Jane Fonda all the way, and Robert Redford. Just amazing talented people.
Sin City style
Mckenzie is such a wonderful little girl.
I'm don't care! They deserved it! I hate Americans because they think all brown skinned individuals are terrorists, I'm disrespected and mocked on a daily basis. It's so ironic that a white man was the mass murderer.
I love this drone cinematography! What drone do you use and do you use any ND filters?
What the hell was his tweet
One of your best videos yet, actually got me to support your Patreon. Keep it up!
Queen Jane shoots down the vile Megyn Kelly. Take this witch back to the slime bucket that is Fox News.
The beginning still video shows a king in the center of the frame with his hands resting on something as he's watching
K
Uhm why did the white woman changed into a latina? Omg this is so racist boohoo give me all your attention now.
All go checkout my channel :)
Why do you need 23 guns for the same caliber... even if you had 3 different calibers, why 23?
Good for You
Fake News
I found this video to be extremely one sided and the host (Johnny Harris) to be propagating untruthful myths about the relationship between the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Myth 1) Haiti is poor because of racism. Absolutely not true. Racism exist in the world but Haiti is poor because its leaders are corrupt and its people always play the victimization card which has led to years of aid that has only cause dependency and misery. Myth 2) Haiti is poor because the land was degraded in colonial times. Absolutely not true. Haiti shares a lust tropical island with the Dominican Republic, if the right forest and environment management programs are implemented the forest would grow back in 30 -40 years. Such a program was implement in the Dominican Republic in the 1970 and the forest came back (this is not a miracle, just planing and resource management). Myth 3) Haiti is poor because they are being exploited by Dominicans. Absolutely not true. Haitians come by the millions into the Dominican Republic looking for a better life, better education, better medical treatment and economic opportunities. They are paid a wage that is 10 times more than they pay in Haiti. They are making a smart decision  better to be exploited by a Dominican that pays ten times more that being exploited by a Haitian at home. Dominican are not against Haitians because they are black, it is more of an economic and culture issue. The Dominican Republic has the right to enforce its sovereign territory and manage it to provided the best standard of living for Dominicans. The Haitian people should start thing in the same way with there side of the island.
just get rid of taxes
Lol
He died on my fathers birthday which is a very hard day for me, now I have two to mourn on this day, I hope he knew just how loved and important his music is to us. RIP dear one, and thank you
I am green!\n\nI am offended DOVE forgot about green people - altogether.\n\nIs it because our great grand parents were vegetables, right?\n\nRight!!!?
Pues ...pah! Mi que sobrevivieron ..si eran creyentes de mi vergencita de Guadalupe\n que es la Santa patrona de mejiko ,arriba Las chivas buey!
We dont trust a single word the FBI has to say. That FBI agent looks so inhuman and so disconnected from reality in comparison to that sheriff. I trust that sheriff and I trust that he will some how let us know whats going on. \n\nIts our duty to not just hear him but to listen to him and everything he says and how presents it. From how he is dressed to how he walks in and walks away. Who follows him in and who follows him out. Every single detail matters.\n\nAll we can do is pray that someone will risk their life and let the public know what we dont know and what we are not being told.
His buddy got hit three times with an assault rifle hunt is going to be OK, I smell bullshit!
If I was  deadly  allergic to dogs and there were two dogs on the plane  medical papers or not , I would get off that plane as quickly as I can in order to avoid an actual life and death situation. Anyone who has lived with a loved one with a true pet allergy would know , one could literally die from such encounters. To me this just looks like some woman with an abusive entitlement attitude .
??\n,1:1!!\ni88,//\n\n,,1:1\n15,\n ///21/..\n ///.1.97\n    539 \n()()(),\n: http://www.i88game.net/?p=GGIWQ\nLINE: oioi19487  <3
I am almost shocked..Canadians not telling the truth?...I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell.
Trump is a white supremecist
kneel before your president
What was the church up to that merited a sooting?
10? More like fidget spinners!!!!
a black nation struggling? woah. what are the chances...
trump is shamefully embarrassing
Hi united American you learn something?\nHonestly, you can put haldcauff,but dont this to human.shame on the law enforcement.
Any insane idiot can do as much damage or possibly more with components online or from a hardware store. Remember the Boston marathon or 911
Bunnies.
This is retarded af
This shit was too fast
There's a fire up north in Mendocino County which has killed 6 people and burned over 20,000 acres and nobody on the news is talking about it. I'm in an evacuation warning zone right now watching satellite maps and hoping that I don't lose my house.
CBS Los Angeles
OJ rocking the Steph Curry 2 lows
i just love the aesthetic of vox
SO easy to love Russel Brand isn't it!  He is aware! Brilliant! Beautiful!  If there's any celeb I would love to go on vacation with it's, without a doubt Russel Brand. I see SO much laughter! Help with meditating! Laughing at said help with meditation.  He is fun, hilarious, relevant and interesting AF! #LOVELIGHT #FlashlightInTheDarkness #LOVERUSSELBRAND
Reminds me of the Young Turks
22k and trending...
The first amendment guarantees the freedom of expression. Trumps argument is void, and I think its hilarious to see him try to dig himself out of it. Regardless, its bad because its just a news stunt to keep everyone distracted from national/international news that actually matters and can have negative connotations on us.
And YOU must be the Monopoly guy...thanks for the free parking.
Dumbass just sell them. You think Trump would burn 300 dollars? Lol
Bad combination for a trump supporter. CNN and Mexico
The NHL is 99.9% white male hockey players. Shit will get serious when players sit on the bench or kneel on the ice during the anthem. Trump you stupid son of a bitch you have made an entire country go face to face against each other. Congrats
white liberal travels the world
Why does America provide automatic rifles for basically anybody? Insane ppl just buy those weapons again and again and again and kill huge numbers of ppl and the government simply wont change this insanity. Ever. Your government betrays you as Americans. They are supposed to ensure as much security as possible. They fail at their job. To all Americans: Stop work go on strike. All of you. Demand this has to be changed immediatly. No more weapons for anybody. None. No guns. No rifles. And no fucking automatic rifles. If you fail to do that its your own fault.
What about the flashing lights on the 12th floor?? Plenty of videos showing it
This is not racist. People need to calm down.
If you look closely,  you can spot North Koreans trying to shoot down this mini-plane with triplanes and from the ground, people with bows and spears.
Not the deadliest shooting in America. Just the one that they will acknowldege.
California having 8.1
who the fuck is screaming? why the fuck?
a racist brown gunman
nobody has a job
Wrong move Saudi Arabia.  Car crash rates are going to skyrocket and there's going to be traffic everywhere you go now cause women suck at driving.  I wish Trump would ban women from driving
There was a earthquake in West Virginia last week it was not a big one I think a 3.1. I am shocked to see places like WV getting earthquakes. The earth is moving and getting ready for something.
If I was  deadly  allergic to dogs and there were two dogs on the plane  medical papers or not , I would get off that plane as quickly as I can in order to avoid an actual life and death situation. Anyone who has lived with a loved one with a true pet allergy would know , one could literally die from such encounters. To me this just looks like some woman with an abusive entitlement attitude .
https://www.amazon.com/Do-Believe-Magic-johnathon-Earl/dp/1977686044/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1507001881&sr=8-11&keywords=i+do+believe+in+magic
Protesting the fact that they've yet to turn-off every single one of their fans.
The Weinstein controversy might be part of the takeover of Hollywood by the Chinese. It's definitely a smokescreen for the pedophilia in Hollywood. The Radical Left throwing one of their own to the wolves, just don't look in the other room.
By far the best Vox video yet
Seth is like I'm not fucking joking guys.
When will people realise, if you hurt someone it only means that you're weak! All terrorist are weak people. I know so. Fearless human beings are very compassionate and merciful. They show love in everything that they do.
es bueno que venga una tv de un pais arabe a darnos lecciones de libertat.
appears to be a failed pressure cooker bomb.
Ahhahaha.... Quick, move on before people think about it and start investigating!
The cracking woulda scared me so much I'd jump off the side
beautiful
Real Red Neck
Ungrateful niggers
And I'm dying cuz of how hot it is here in Arizona..
What was the restaurant he was trying to recommend !?!? Thats the real question.
-----------------------\nHi everyone, anyone wanna hear the ture gospel?\nSearch: Renee Roland\nEveryone in the comments are nice kind people they can answer your question or etc.\n------------------------
Can anyone from these sick twisted comments politely explain to me how is this man an example or anyone's missed one? what is his legacy he left to YOU? HOW IN ANY WAY HE HAS SHOWED ANY GOOD THING TO THIS WORLD ?
This is YouTube's idea of allowing conservative videos appear on trending. ONLY official outlets like FoxNews, not independent voices like Brandom Tatum the black police officer who tells it like it is. F=k you, YouTube, you communist a-holes.
Watch America suddenly go into a new age of purity
i bet he disrespec women
I hope all poor people see that the Republicans would like to see us all go extinct.
If this man was a Mexican Mass Murderer it would  open season on Latinos for all the  ignorant white vile racists, it would be like  the wild wild west! But this will probably never happen because 80% of mass murderers are white!
Galaxy Note 8 ???
I see a bunch of empty barrels.
..\nwho actually likes rap though
Pray for Mexico 
This video reminds me the new Dr who is coming.
In repetitive songs I feel I can sing with them.
We really need to stahp walmart stores. Simply take their motivation.
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Jane, have a stroke you cunt. You allowed a woman to be raped by this degenerate. You have this 'male entitlement' on your hands you filthy bitch.
She should be in prison
The unused plutonium has polluted Saturns atmosphere. Who cares right? A pristine atmosphere, far far away. Out of site out of mind. NASA assholes.
Bullshit l. He didn't do it! The deep state allowed islum. You know just like 911? Wake up pepple I mean sheeple
stop referring to this terrorist as the gunman he is a terrorist say it a radical white terrorists
What about stainless appliances? They became popular at about the same time as granite. Painted appliances are cheaper and you don't have to constantly clean the fingerprints.
the mosquito getting attacked by the fungus was really cool
Maybe we should just destroy all the humans, that would solve everything
How bout them Cowboys?
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
Hail Hydra
Why does everyone hate this women ??
why is this nothing video trending?
what is more FAKE than CNN and a four letter word ? NASA !
Really vast and severe equals roof still on a trailer home. This pales in comparison to real hurricane damage. I mean trailers homes are still on the ground and not in their neighbors yard!
damn that, Pennybags! lol
What they don't tell you is that they make him act dumb all the time, sane with Bobby Olugun, and the other Black famous actors on Japan, to poke fun at Black people so it isn't as good as they make it seem
lockheed martin stockholders make average 600 dollars for every laser guided bomb thats sold. \nlockheed is owned by investors with state street, capital world investors, Merrill lynch, goldman sachs and blackrock (trumps top investments),
Why did you delete the texas shooting video
Looks like a trailer park in texas after a small tornado.
Die in a fire, Pat.
My dog died, like if you agree
Her main issue is thinking that get off the plane is just a suggestion, but saying i'm a professor is really all you need to know.
Most exciting thing to happen to this sport since Ricky Bobby....
One who doesn`t have kids would not understand
Jesus Christ
Aaaaaawww man! I wants to go deep insiiiiiidddee!
They should post a general advisory to all White Women living in or near Florida.  I don't think we've seen the last of this narcissistic prick.
Why is everyone so pissy?? This was hilarious! 
So all of those scantily clad Playboy bunnies need a place to live now? And all that I need is a mansion??? And then they can all come and live with me and I'll be in heaven??? Thank you JESUS!
Pray for Mexico
Someone left their mixtape on
Happy Independence day Women
im boycotting Dove for being a b**ch and caving in. Trump was supposed to embolden you. what happened?
The circle???
 !
Black cabbies will be relieved and booking a new cruise.
now that's quality investigative journalism. great research
this isn't racist  I'm not Caucasian and this video doesn't offend me. it's just showing the different shades we all have! I bet  you'd think it racist if they didn't show no one else but Caucasian. . I'm all for being equal because we are all human just different shade and each shade is beautiful but come on, there's more racist shit happening around the world and no one else is talking about it!!!!
WUSS! xD
As long as they don't get the right to vote.
So POTUS  would support people being equally enraged by people disrespecting Mohammed by characterizing him in art????
Would you hang onto that filthy money. She was a gold digger so probably will I presume.
Open Borders and Empathy for Terrorist does Not keep them from Killing You. #DrainTheSwamp
And they welcomed Trump supporters. When everybody said they were going to tee off on each other. But free speech recognizes free speech
*YOU'RE FIRED*
Was there any need for it to be so political..?
Fuck that fucken terrorist!!!
O familie de curvotine
32 floors up. Address 320
Lol
This guy is trash, to make open insensitive comments like that. Oh they look like mexicans to him. Ulginest shining through and through, and the ppl who support this douchebag.
It will all pass by next week and black people will carry on killing each other and being killed by the police.  Black people should put the same hype and unity they have now to change or improve their community then maybe we can force things to change for us.
:(
OMG called it!
The juice is on the loose.
It's so shit there's a body above the average person that can make decisions like this, if people chose to use the service because they like and trust it, it should be left alone. Just as much dogy shit would go on in a taxi, it's just because Uber is new and taking money out of other areas they want any reason to shut it down. Uber has been the first demonstration in a long time of a service mad for us, the everyday person, and to see it being removed is going to be a massive step backwards for the future of technology.
It feels like she has walked into the boxing ring with nothing but a scared face and white flag
lot of folks made a mistake!!
I think Weinstein is colluding with Russians . . . let's talk about that for 12 months . . .
Liberals are to blame for everything bad that ever happened to America or will happen.
We clearly do not know whats going on. Welcome to America!
This is bullshit. Black cabs charge too much. Make black cabs charge a fair amount.
Hi I'm a liberal have we met?
Hi
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
FAKE NEWS
These same people yell and scream that other races are violent.
Lol '-)
This is not freeing women!. Next send your women out to work then take of your Islamic dress and then have haram sex then go to night clubs and then they will get you to leave Islam!!! Next they going to get them to leave Islam. Dajjal
So 3-4 years and people give a shit finally.
What a fag.
**Trending**
the mosquito getting attacked by the fungus was really cool
weather girl = idiot
Blame it on a woman if you can't blame it on a person of color.  Of course you can't blame it on the white man because he is innocent and not a terrorist because he is white.  It makes perfect tautological sense that a racist sheriff from Nevada would  understand.  I bet he beats his wife.
Omg another earthquake. God help these poor people.
Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace Versace
Now that's depressing
FAKE!!!!!!!!!!!! Just more 911 type conspiracy garbage! It never happened!
well said
We all got it coming kid.
Both sides keep talking about an African American community as though all black people are mindless zombies who know only how to think one way.  You never hear them talk about a Caucasian American community, do you?
IF his lips are moving he is lying.
God is Punishing Mexico for saying slanderous things about America and Trump.  Just desserts!\nI'll be satisfied when the whole country falls into the Ocean.
Take note Spain Sweden and Germany - this is the future - sovereignty is freedom. The EU is going backwards. What England does today the world does tomorrow
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see.\n *THIS IS NOT CLICK BAIT!* Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me *share it* with others. *There's HOPE!* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
Vox could you list the songs used on your videos at the end as credit or in the detail section
This ad gave me cancer. Everyone who loves trump vote luther.
thanks trump
Stupid bitch wasn't complying and probably upset a lot of passengers on that plane.
this is on cnn , it may not be true
My bad
Liberalism KILLS.\n\nFind a cure!
This movie is so amazing! It gave me cancer it was that good! I loved it. Go watch it and get cancer too!
hurricanes have no fucks to give.
Most people just do what police ask them to do, that's why most people are not in videos having the police dragging them out of airplanes. When a person asks what did I do, the answer is you didn't do what the cops told you to do.
*Pillows for adults.*\n*https://www.etsy.com/magicworldmira/listing/562507151/*\n*Give a special, intimate atmosphere of passion - in your bedroom, with pillows for adults.*
Why is this 1 on trending?
Never read To Kill a Mockingbird, and Im already a freshman in college.
Mynamejeff
fake news
3 things: You people gotta understand why they doing this, they're doing it because of injustice. They are subconsciously though disrespecting people who fight for this country, cause singing and the flag are for them. 3 Didn't you buy those tickets, cause that's a waste of money.
It almost doesnt add up..  people were saying they saw bullet shells fall onto or near the stage and thats far from and Im no fucking way the shells could have hit the stage. Also there must have been a scope on that rifle he was using because to claim that many people dead let alone wounded you would need a scope to even be hitting people in the right area. And the hotel just seems kinda off for the shooter to be coming from there.  Idk.. most of the time Im not even phased by these because after it all I see these videos claiming its fake or false and so.. you just dont know. Or if these people really did die get wounded they are covering up who really did it.. or something. Just weird
R.I.P Heff you will be missed
Wow has everyone turned into a rapper??
If they want to drive I don't care but I'll not let my family female  member drive car
You Go Hugh. Singular man accomplishing great business.
He's an embarrassment and a stinging reminder of why some people simply shouldn't vote.
talk talk talk, my heart is broken Thesssy
Trump 2020 MAGA
Boy, I could spend hours picking this guy apart with his poor logic and strawman arguments. But in the interest of brevity: If his claim is valid that I dont understand this country if I do not think white privilege is a fact.\n\nThen it is no less valid if I claim that kneelers (and supporters) dont understand this country if they do not think kneeling during the National Anthem is disrespectful to the flag and veterans. \n\nHe cannot claim otherwise (using his logic), unless he presents supporting VALID facts. Although some of his facts are valid, most of his supporting arguments are opinions and untruths. \n\nI have not heard anyone claim that these men should not protest, but only protest at a more appropriate time. The National Anthem is a time to honor veterans and this country, not focus attention to other beliefs.  The Anthem only lasts a few minutes. That leaves plenty of hours in the rest of the day for protest.\n\nAnd I will trade places with Chris Rock. But it will never happen, just like all those celebrities promising to leave the country if Trump won.  All BS.
Democracy is respect LAWS!!!\nI'm Catalan and I don't want Independency!!\nIgnorant Foreign.. you don't know nothing about our country and our history, please don't comment about it.
I see mental disease. too much guile in their mouths. very sad people.
Juggalos are nothing but a huge cesspool of inbred mentally ill fucks...holy shit it's embarrassing
Ban all bump stocks now!\n\nWatch people download them and 3D print them after. Lol
I am both against anti fa. And this guys but whoever made this propoganda video is anti fa let's be fair maybe they got attacked first by antifa so they have the right to defend emselves
death to USA from mexico
how can there owners get them back, hopefully they have name tags
President Trump is the only member of his party that hasn't given up on the promises that they ALL made to their constituents. He's surrounded by quitters, liars and thieves. He's an extraordinary businessman surrounded by typical politicians.
Im not saying he had to do anything with the shooting. But his demeanor is just wierd. I cant stand his tone
God is great
Black people are the most racist people that exist in USA.
Just finished watching this video and the rapping deconstructed, time went by so fast. I couldn't get enough of it. Keep it up. Just saw these two videos and was enough fro me to follow you and watch the rest of your work. Keep up your awesome work, look forward to your next works. X)

im not gunna watch but im gunna assume Vox blames trump yet again
Let the wrecks begin
GOOD ONE, SETH MacFARLANE!!!! #LOL
watevur move on next question.
Get her OUT. NOT FIT FOE THE JOB !
Paul Ryan Sanchez N Brayan Austin Williams
right wing retards crying on Leftist technology
Mission failed we'll get em next time
FUCK YOU BOB YOU ARE NOW ON MY SHIT LIST LOL\nTHIS IS GREAT
Yeah, whatever. Don't harm anyone, and I don't care.
Good work on the video. It was very subjective and laid out the facts.
I think it's fair to have reforms even if they only support the rich. Just look at how much they pay in taxes. It's bullshit. If they pay way more taxes, they should get way more benefits. Also the tiny heads are really bothering me.
Las Vegas Multiple Shooters Confirmed PROOF Part 2 by LibertyVibe \n\n https://pew.tube/user/Onehope/B1XlQsH \n\n #PewTube
Megyn Kelly is trash lol
The video example of flooding in Miami is of the mainland! It's Downtown/Brickell, NOT Miami Beach.
I've never seen anything like that..mind boggling
Lol
Please stop
?
I think snoop was sayin everybody has the same flow
Gosh they are all so plastic. Kim's lips don't move!!!  They are all sitting there with all this stuck up glam crap. 
What, he started shooting solo, why is she involved?
Hugh Hefner 
only thing that would have made this better...if the video finished focused on her seat as one of the dogs jumped on it, all happy and wagging it's tail, watching her being escorted off the plane
Mr pennybags doesn't wear a monocle
Streets are empty, full of people without money
Im  Dominican and this is just plain wrong. To even treat another human like trash is disgusting. Smh 
Granite always makes me think about the time when I was a kid looking for the answer to tigeran in a word jumble.
terrorism or insurance $
so thats why kylie is not there. congrats kylie for being preggo!
I'm sorry mexico. From an American, I wish you the best and hope you all get well soon
Why... just WHY
I haven't seen him glance for his notes. This guy spits fire .
66 is so young
Global warming.
Stay safe and help each other out. God Bless
Soap tips: when selling soap, do something intentionally triggering to inject your product into the news cycle.
Another day in Londondistan
we hebrew brothers love you juice
Maybe they do this on purpose for the views!
A lot of these comments I feel have the mentality that this is what we must pay for freedom and that is just fucking stupid
most of the people opinions are doesn't care  they even Love's to chose fast food.\nUS State btway..
so.....how is that open door policy for Muslims working out...?
Who is moving to an open office next year with a company hyping the excitement of collaboration?  This guy!
Democrat Barack Obama brought Bitcoin to the stock exchanges.\nAuthoritative sources indicate that this is a pyramid of scammers. In China, already banned. What are the comments of the State Department ?\nI'm from Ukraine, this question is considered interference in US policy? Youtoub will be fined for this? \nWho is guilty? Democracy ? Youtube? The Internet ? China ? Barack Obama ? Or I because I asked to clarify the situation?
Seems like another lie... another made up story for the masses.
Regulate Crazy Democrats instead!
I have 2 kids missing jon pierre and acacia duvall they are in the missing and exploited kids web page follow with tyree duvall please contact me
All my blunts today and yesterday were to Tom
I disagree, hip hops gotten super feminine lately. Most of the new rappers coming out are wearing women's clothing.
Dude .... do the Twilight Zone intro for me ... \nYou have the perfect voice and speech patterns to do it . \nIf I were you , I'd do a parody of it as an intro to all my videos .
Was it actually an explosion or just a small fire?\n\nWas the resulting hospitalizations from the explosion or the stampede?
So his isnt a hate crime?
This looks like some Skynet shit
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
it's funny because he raped women.
Harvey Swinestein!
Meghan your toddler in chief is a liar 
Lmao! Probably the funnest part of the night.
This is the best editing I have ever seen in a video
2017 has some spicy memes right now
REPEEEEEEENNNT!!! \nAll these Satanists are screamingHe Will Not Divide Us! He Will Not Divide Us! Because the anti Christ is coming out and is going to use unity as his platform! \nJudgement falls on the church first!\nHe who has ears let him hear! \nWorship in Spirit and in *TRUTH!*\nThe will of God is for all men to be saved and coming to the knowledge of the *TRUTH!*\nHe will send strong delusion to those who have not a love for the *TRUTH!*\nAcknowledging the *TRUTH* which is after godliness...and add to Godliness brotherly kindness and charity...charity is the bond of perfectness...that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto good works...move on from these doctrines onto perfection... if thou will be perfect sell what you own, give to the poor and follow me...let your light shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father in heaven!\nBehold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.\n\n42And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.\n\n43And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.\n\n44And all that believed were together, and had all things common;\n\n45And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.\n\n46And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,\n\n47Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.\n\n\nFor the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.\n\nReading the comments they sure rolled the trolls out for this one!\nBlacks are enslaved now more then ever!  They are lied to and manipulated by their black luciferian roll models! Patriots need to raise up and fight for their freedom like our brothers and sisters did in the civil war!
Crisis Actor.
Thats fucking evil
Perhaps she is nice, but Megyn Kelly comes off as very aggressive/ mean for morning tv.
When you try to get that golden camo
Is it bad to say happy 9/11 day or what would be the correct term?
Wow its funny how US skum judge Iran but keep quiet about SA idiots
Well so what's the problem? Trump is really a racist, and have a lot of racist friends and supporter's. If you support him you may be a racist or a racist sympathizer.
The world is so soft this ain't the McDonald's ball pit.
Basketball: pretend to get tripped and ref lets you win game\nRacecars: Smash someone elses car and they get tased and arrested\nHmmmmmmmm
Yeah but who cares about Mexico
I believe many of the Uber employees are black cab drivers also
Perfect team: Heidi Fleiss and can O.J. play golf together, cause Heidi Fleiss is a hooker and O.J. is a slicer...........
Jeff?
*walks up to the group of dogs*\n\n\nwhos a good boy/girl
Nate the Great-Nathan Drake
They do so with very little framework for a society and for a government.\n\nEh? What's that you say, laddie? Blacks need to be told how to organise themselves?
How are these comments gonna help, why don't y'all actually do something.
Must be hard to not get a stupid tattoo these days .
He was inspired by Emimen
Atleast it wasn't North America.
Not to worry, The Wall won't fall over
I bought a machine gun over the counter for like $20 yesterday. Clerk was too busy to do the paperwork, and was like, meh, you're white, go ahead. Thank God for muh white privilege.
The trending tab isn't a trending tab, its now a 'pay to get your video on the trending tab' tab
Largely white crowd huh guys got always got to throw race in it he wasn't even talking about race he's talking about respecting the flag respecting the men and women that died for our flag for your freedoms
I cringed heavily seeing John Oliver in the thumbnail. Hollywood is a method for liberals to spread their propaganda message, using humor and sarcasm to shade their lack of a logical argument.
Thank You ProPublica for pulling these sick perverts out from under the rocks from which they hide in plain sight!  They all need to be outed and light shone on their faces and actions.  This country fought a war against these vermin, and we cannot allow them to normalize themselves within American society.
Kim Jin in is involved in these shootings, wait and see!
yeet
What a nightmare and joke that he s our leader.
Some obvious questions are how did he smuggle them in and where is the CCTV from a place that is famous for its security- a casino hotel, where you can't do anything without being observed. That conspiracy theories have been so vehemently attacked, with proactive measure to marginalize and vilify them by youtube and the media, lends weight to the idea it was probably a conspiracy.
EZ M' VAN ELS HELYEN?
oof
Many democrats don't realize that blindly disagreeing with Trump on every single issue actually plays into his strategy of making them look bad.

what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
Why would anyone talk so sloooooowlyyy?
London is lost
Stay strong Mexico. God bless
God Bless those who were killed 16 Years Ago Today. May we never forget.
... Come on Jane! - everyone in Hollywood knows this has been happening to women in the entertainment industry for so many years. It was even happening before, during & after your own father's career time  ... Bill Clinton got impeached for his sex scandal, BUT, got away with it Jane - WTH?!?!  ... (I'm not a Demo or Repub but I vote).
Did anyone else notice the bald spot on the left of his head. Never seen that in any other video hes been on....
Why is everyone so butthurt?
good glad this happend to them !!! less wet backs coming to America too bad my baby daddy wasn't over there at that time.  
Thumbnail looked like he was a Michael Jackson dance move
Another reason baseball is retarded
Let this sink in... Only a matter of time before one political party announces the other political party is a terrorist organization. Pick a side, doesn't matter to my point. At that point, all hell will break loose. I called it first.
I support the players and I support the impeachment of Trump!  \nCheck out my President in Prison cartoon:).
Mother earth cleaning up the tailor parks.
God Bless And Smile
#PrayForLasVegas
Dude, the beginning is hilarious . Just by watching it, it tickled my balls XD
Trumptards hate truth.... how sad
Lucky man some people don't have children in will love  to donate?
Candice is to pretty to be a lib...
First of all...before judging anything you have to understand what happen in Spain.\nThis all is provoked by independentist catalonian people that want to be out of their Country they want a referendum but this referendum is ILEGAL in Spain from the beginning ok??? they(separatist catalonian people) all knew this so far but they insisted in spite of konwing the consecuences...its not nice but Police is doing their work(here and there) no more nor less.
Tom Petty's not dead, he's chillin with Tupac in Cuba right now.
Be right back gotta go bomb a plane.
Obama gave us Gunstock.  2010. Blood on Obama hands.
Does anybody else here hate the BBC?
million dollar idea...portable nets that you stick over your babies.
talk about revenge on the first chick who cheated
Lucky she was in the U.K. in America it would have been a gun.
Those stranger things kids are some ugly kids...
Stop making houses out of wood!
I'm a professor, I wonder how many times she uses that in a day
Spain is strong with catalania
Paid money to make this a trending topic. Politicians suck so much.
Collies are one of my favorite dogs...
That is amazing. I am so happy that he is making a good recovery.
Trump had to say that, he is still a racist and should be impeached. The US loves the Mexican people. Stay strong.
rest in peace all of the FDNY,NYPD, Civilans who lost their lives in 9/11
Did anyone else read guman centipede?
You can't just turn a semi-auto gun into a Machine Gun, even with a bump fire stock.
CBS = Fake News.
This case has got cover up and set up all over it there's no way this guy did this they probably watch teen commits suicide through his TV camera and then saw their opportunity cuz he knew everything about him
Not dozens CNN Jesus, it was over 250 people what the hell is wrong with you?
Humans are puke!  Ppl trampling others deserve to get blown to pieces!
Insanneeee
the Phantom Thieves have got to change the hearts of terrorists
I love how all these people are whining about elitist rich people giving and getting awards, but then they follow it up by proudly announcing their support of a c-list celebrity billionaire con man who might be one of the dumbest people to ever be in politics period. hilarious....and revealing. at least they make me feel smart AND we finally have a president to represent the retarded demographic.
give him a break guys hes an old man now smh i bet if he was white half of yall wouldnt be bitching
Trump caused this probably....No joke American has tools to cause earthquakes remotely
Why is she so afraid to say boobs? She has them, is she afraid of them or something?
This book is boring as I don't know what... I read it in 9th grade Honors English... I do believe it was the teacher teaching the subject... but I'd fall asleep when we start reading... I wasn't much into it... in fact I'm not into any language class...
why the govener has not declared state of emergency yet?
She is a muslim which is why she hated the dogs. She obviously doesn't have any allergies.
Umm...she had the popular vote asshole.
My condolences to Mexico and it's people.
I have a feeling this women will be used as a scapegoat
Don't listen to them, vox is fake news (sarcasm)
This guy is an idiot
i will inherit civil war before i die
He should show videos of Haitians taking a dump in broad daylight on major thorough fares of Santo Domingo. Show them invading private and public lands and raising their shacks. Show haitians going into virgin forests and cutting trees yo make charcoal. Show how the population in Haiti is larger than of DR. Show the legal hatians happily living and working among Dominicans
No life threatening injuries just like your natural disasters blueye british pigs. Is it the snap crackle pop navy or is it in concert with the USA military?
If Dominican Republic is so racist, unfair and mean country. Just name another country on earth that allows the citizens of a neighboring nation that is 8 times poorer to go across the border without visa to do business. Does the US do it with Mexico?
Where the fuck is security
Who let the dogs out?
Vox didn't mention the Tsar Bomba and bombs of similar yield were and still are impractical to use. They require slow, heavy bombers that would be seen coming from miles away. The most powerful ICBM's would still cause great destruction but nowhere near the level of the Tsar Bomba.
Why does YouTube say a woman  dresses as the Monopoly guy... That's a guy in the video
So I can still see how this can be seen as a joke if one doesn't know what he did
it is not just men it is women too what about Hilary Clinton and the likes these peoplehve known about this and kept quiet to protect their careers
Those laughs.\nUhahauhahahuhahuhuuhahauahhauaha (we're laughing but we're not).
He looks like a bumb.
Yes I agree and a little less naive
Good Riddance
*There's a side of Charlie Rose & David PacKman that's pure EVIL.*
More guns to stop threats.
I'm in Houma, LA 70360 with no wind, rain or chaos. Wanna buy a generator?
My brother lives super close to there
Safiya?
Amy Schumer is on it, that answers your question
Diana did so well.
Is this CBS new crime drama show
I think everyone is focusing on wrong things. First of all, how the fuck did he get to a 32nd floor in a HOTEL, which has cameras and guards, with 20+ guns??? Isn't that a bit weird???
The hero we need
Ban all bump stocks now!\n\nWatch people download them and 3D print them after. Lol
expeerimental
Hey someone take OJ to the mall an buy him some fresh socks and draws!
Roy Moore
For people of Italy , be prepped for the earthquake, you are the next don't ask how do I  know that  but I want you remember that I already warned you, it will be strong as you never seen before
i feel like this painting might haunt my dreams ;_;
How tf is this #48 on trending lmao
CBS Los Angeles
Pain: 1\nNaruto:0
The best side of humanity right there, Love!
Why are we not surprised that Whoopi Goldberg and her anti-Donald Trump Friends on the view would put a pathological lying congresswoman on and make her out to be a celebrity?
One down and thousands to go
Really love your documentary about the border. Keep going on Vox!!
Does he considered as Christian Terrorist?
I think the Second shooter got scared killed him and dipped out
Please get your facts right
Dont ruin it for everyone else
Megyn Kelly trolls are out in full force. She seems like a different person after dumping the Murdoch's.
Jesus is  coming 
Terrorism doesn't exist, it's murder. People paint it as terrorism, but what makes terrorism terrorism? It's murder and should have the same charges. If you take away the importance of those crimes, they'll happen less frequently.
Free Catalonia!
*I replaced the pink shirted girl with Daenerys.*
NOGLA WATCH OUT
How to come up with a #1 hip hop song: yellow squares
Watched a piece on this fantastic group of kids on ABC news just now. Much love. Thanks for the chills. 
Is that a box or a plane???
**More dislikes than likes... Almost reminds me of Killary Clintons run for President.**
2:45 kill it before it grows up like these fucks
Way to good statement I know philipinos don't talk the way that lawyer talked
A better way is to do what these multi millionaire players aren't doing, SELL THE TICKETS and give to the precinct for the widows and orphans funds!
all puertan ricans should sell their homes to retirees and just move to the mainland, they will be better off
I have seen this same guy being interviewed like THREE times and all 3 sound like BS...and what is up with all the blue shirts?
Watch America suddenly go into a new age of purity
CNN IS ISIS
Why are people saying there are no cars? Sure, its not jam packed with cars like the US but there are many cars there. I've seen many places with similar density of cars
Dead meme
It doesn't make no sense
So cute
where is this country? Do they have goiters there?
I was lying down in my bed holding my phone above my head and I was watching this video and all I can see is the black logo at the top it says NK news and I kept thinking this is North Korean censorship this is all North Korean censorship. Then I realized at the end of the videos I set my phone down at the 360-degree video
What an old Hag cant  wait till she leaves
Mexico is paying for its sins , or is just bad luck
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=23043
Another mentally challenge douchebag americunt! What a useless dipshit!
It's been awhile since I've cried over something nice. These kids felt every word. Mature singing for kids so young. Keep up the amazing work. This is why we should keep music programs in schools.
the massively corrupt government and congress of the united states ( rep & dem)  only understand the language of force. trump is doing his job and on the right track to make significant changes the people of this country deserve.  go trump..... We're all with you to make America great again., god bless you
This dyed-blonde skank must be deported to Saudi Arabia ASAP.
When you are a dumb, rich football player who gets paid whether he does his job or not, this is what you get.
Eric and debra holding hands so cute
it's all just karma. Humans have ruined the earth. We have no respect for anything but ourselves and money.
I dont think its racist tho.... wth is wrong with people
2nd time being relevant after you find out they had beef with Eminem.
Well said
Emmy Awards 2017 - The 69th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards - September 17, 2017\nOne click https://t.co/t1hLfnFnzk  Watch Online
The solar eclipse was something huh?
Is this because of Planet Nibiru aka Planet X? I don't think so. \n\nEdit: And is it because of 12 revelation sign? Idk what I'm gonna say
Can you stop going to concerts now?
well, mr. trump, will you remember this in the next few days, or will you twitter again and again and again.  With your own words?  Please stop your dumb twitters.  Amen
Deadliest shooting organized bu your own government you mean.
hahahaha
Todays hip hop artists AKA lil douchebags are not just repetitive, but they pretty much just copy and paste until their song is about 3-5 minutes long
Rap is the product of social decay and degeneracy and badly taught education and morals creates more young impressionable fans. Not many high intelligence people listen to gangsta rap that should tell you about the success rate of those who hold rap near and dear.
Its al bit of win fs
people are getting murdered by the police for no reason but sure, make this your focus.
Why is this in the youtube news feed...not many views and NOT NEWS! \nThank goodness for PhillyD and the PDS.
I AM A 37 YEAR OLD WHITE, SOUTHERN WOMAN WHO WAS ATTACKED ON A PUBLIC FORUM AND IN PERSON BY MY FRIENDS OF TWENTY YEARS FOLKS, BECAUSE IM CONSERVATIVE AND VOTED FOR TRUMP. TWENTY YEARS PEOPLE. HAD BABIES TOGETHER, KIDS PLAYED, GRADUATED HIGHSCHOOL WITH THEM, VACATIONS WITH THEM, ETC. TWENTY YEARS FOLKS. NEVER THOUGHT IN A MILLION YEARS, I EVEN BRAGGED THAT THEY WOULDNT DO THAT TO ME, BUT THEY DID FOLKS. LIBERALS ARE HONESTLY MOSTLY SHITTY PEOPLE WHO ARE UNDER THE DISGUISE OF BEING LOVNG HIPPIES, BUT THEY ABSOLUTELY ARE NOT.
hey black America, why do you think all of the third world are trying to immigrate here? because its OPPRESSIVE???? hahahabababa
Doesnt answer questions and only stands strong on the scripted facts.. this type of thing has become the new norm. prepare yourself, folks.
Good boys
Yea whippie dingle berries the killer is out of jail BIG DEAL . Who cares
The only news Trump retards trust is Trumps twitter feed
Actually Hurricane Ophelia will save lives... More people would die by driving around... Everyone stays home, no one gets killed... Especially since the Irish all insist on driving on the wrong side of the road... which they will tell you is the right way... but its on the left... all very confusing... I thought they were joking... but even worse, they put the steering ting on the wrong side of the car... which really is the right side... but I thought they were having me on so I gave it up an' took the bus an' closed me eyes...
his name is bob macadoo i went to hs with him
he's my hero, too.
Can't wait until a Pitbull is brought onto one of those flights and decides to go insanely vicious on everyone in sight.
LOL The woman was obviously over reacting and purposefully causing a scene. Who could defend this woman??? Seriously!
That one lady asked the dumbest question, she like how are loved ones feeling right now, and the dude didnt reply and walked away
I wanted to know who won bro
This is not racist. People need to calm down.
It happens the same thing in the french caraibeans islands, the french governement doesnt help.
That was bizarre. Nothing makes any sense of what and why this shooting happened.
  \n    \n   
2:25 Nice flub their on calling Da VInci, DiCaprio, we forgive you jon.
strong independent black woman. Where are the rest?
You are so bold. let me kiss your ass, please. She was brave enough to go to Hanoi and betray America, but she kept her nasty mouth shut, this fucking scumbags, when women were harassed and raped and she knew, like all the other scumbags in Hollywood
Rip to all 2,996 innocent victims who died that horrible day \n \n;__;)7
Someone come get your granpa..
OH OHphelia you've been on my mind girl since the....AAAHHHHHHH
Global warming
Wait. This isn't Destiny 
Rotten Tomatoes posts the average rating in small letters under the Tomatometer. I'll pay more attention to that now that I know it's more important.
What a bunch of weaboos
Thanks, the TV news here in Argentina never say anything about Ireland.
Wait the monopoly guy never had a monocle though
Great job Bannon!
You can bump fire without a bump stock. You can bump fire any semi auto rifle with a recoil using only  your finger. NRA knows that most real shooters know this and they want to take it away from morons/opposition in the future conflict. Of course the left is swallowing that load. We should tell them magazines stay in better if you slam them in backwards as well.\n\nFunny thing is, it's easier to modify a rifle (especially those!) to fire full auto than to learn how to bump fire one accurately, if there is such a thing.
Nice job telling the whole story...
Flake is a flake. Just wait until he votes for the bill. Then people will be next to him complaining. VOTE HIM OUT!
It's the religion of peace, nothing new....
I know em just in memes,  I didn't think they are real XD
Device~ pile of trash you mean
Interesting that people want to boycott the NFL. FOR DOING EXACTLY WHAT HE HIMSELF IS DOING!!!!!!! Freedom of speech, freedom of expression. What a clown.
R.I.P Heff
Mexico used earthquake!  It was super effective!
Did anyone see those missiles floating in the water ?
Also, if player protests are about police brutality the players should direct their protests against thecops on the field and around the stadium.
this is retarded.  if this offends you, you are an imbecile.
This is awesome
I'm all for a safe homeland, but what a crock of shit from the parliament/media. This is probably one of the laziest attempts I've ever seen. That being said I'm glad everyone is okay.
That is heartbreaking.
He took his job!
90% of comments: this ad isnt racist\n10% of comments: joking about the commercial
Fuck the NFL and all sports. Sports do absolutely nothing productive for our society so if they just went away that would be even better then we wouldn't have this debate. yes they should stand for the anthem and if they don't want to they can just all go fuck off
Still an outsider who is nothing but a clown
That's so cute:)

And all I'm seeing in twitter was people making fun of irma like nothing happen wtf
Fox New is turning on Trump. This is great. Haha
That is crazy. In a situation like this where a reply like that was made about someone passing and the press asks you what was said being that she is close to his family and the lack of empathy for this young man and his family was obvious she had a right to answer the question in detail. She is basically asking her why are you telling on him. Of course her question set her off I totally understand. This was the same guy who totally had a lack of disregard for her father's service and capture.
This is why you'll never see Made in Mexico as something to be proud of...
What ?
What a freaking idiot
He left prison wearing Bruno Magli shoes.
ONLY TROLLS, BELOW, ARE ON  THIS COMMENT PAGE.
it is the parents responsibility, There are other seating areas that you can take your child to watch a game. I used to coach baseball and when the ball is hit in that side of the field at that level it can be going over 150 miles an hour which would kill an adult let alone a child. Your child that young will enjoy the game just as much sitting in the upper level.
Malcolm X said it very clearly long time ago, as well as Ali, but black left wingers just don't know and just don't care so FEEL THE BEEEEERN 
Not a single person ever accused Donald Trump of being racist until their presidential candidate lost. Now they call him a racist and spread many other lies. Now whos the petulant child?? Bunch of pouty crybabies!!
Hurricane party
Black Privilege
Kylie's not there, she's staying out of the public because she's pregnant?
Who what an informative Great video
did anyone elses fingers start sweating after watching the first one?
He has noooooo lips. So scary
My dad died on 911 it was on that day he went on that flight. I still remember it. Before boarding on the flight me and my mom said goodbye to him, and then we got food from the concessions. I still remember the last word s to me when he went on the flight.    \n\nAlalakbah
Dale Hansen, con-artist of the year!! He's telling people to give money to NFL owners and watch the players protest!! You should be ashamed of yourself!!! And those that support this man are disgusting!!
1 month ago, they nearly lost their services where in the Philippines. Uber company is getting a lot shittier recently
die you old rotting dinosaur.
It almost doesnt add up..  people were saying they saw bullet shells fall onto or near the stage and thats far from and Im no fucking way the shells could have hit the stage. Also there must have been a scope on that rifle he was using because to claim that many people dead let alone wounded you would need a scope to even be hitting people in the right area. And the hotel just seems kinda off for the shooter to be coming from there.  Idk.. most of the time Im not even phased by these because after it all I see these videos claiming its fake or false and so.. you just dont know. Or if these people really did die get wounded they are covering up who really did it.. or something. Just weird
we're trending guys Kappa 123 repeat how many people are in the world again? 8 billion? okay 5 comments
THIS IS NOT THAT BAD.  COULD'VE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE.
Paul Ryan is in it for himself. Many people saw this. Unfortunately it takes this for the majority of people to finally see this. Vote him out
Just waiting for the movement were sjw demand free internet
Stupid news reporters sound like a bunch of drunks sitting around a bar gossiping. If you don't know anything, just say so.
Clearly this guy is more concerned with the small minority in Arizona that pay that tax to not have insurance than the majority in Arizona who pay for the insurance and just want it affordable.
This man did not know you can legally turn a rifle into a machine gun.  Just shows this man votes without knowing the subject he is voting on or does not care about the safety of US citizens.  Ban the use of this piece of equipment now and make it illegal to even shoot these in gun ranges.  If caught large fine and jail time.  It is just too late because there are millions and millions of gun here in the US and we will never see an end to mass shootings.  Other industrialized nations do not have this problem and no Mexico is not a industrialized nation with a stable non  corrupt government
God dislikes this.
Throw a tennis ball in the middle
Brits must think Americans are crazy to insist on the right to keep guns despite these shootings. That fact shows you how much the government is not trusted by its own citizens. That distrust has been deeply ingrained in the American psyche since the days of the revolution against England.
They should all just come to mainland us. Plenty in ny anyway
I'm still waiting on the footage of him checking in the hotel and walking around the casino to see if he had with anybody else (accomplice) with him.. there's no way he could have done this completely on his own
This is a shame and an outrage. This isn't a so called boycott on Trump's comments, this is a direct lack of respect towards the people that fought to give them the freedom to play football every Sunday and bring home an above minimum wage salary just for playing a sport. This is disgusting. People should not let their views of the president get in the way of respecting those that gave their lives for this beautiful country that we live in. I don't know how they sleep at night. I sure hope that these terrible acts end soon. God bless.
all we have in Chicago is Gang Wars
Oh this makes my day.
Hand back control of our country To the Queen. lock up all the leftist politicians in the tower. Try them for treason.
I have never heard trashier lyrics ever in my life than those sample songs\n\nFinally, a mentioned motive other than George Soros for Antifa. I've always thought the more likely reason was them acting on their own freewill. Maybe I'm seeking confirmation bias
I take it everyone knows the prankster was the comedian lee Nelson?
Why are they making him an antihero? Keep spreading his name, and he'll get his fame.
Mexico is a rich country make the cartels pay for the fix-up
nasty ass black monkey bastards did it to them selves.
he will be assassinated or impeached within his first year, i do hope that he and his family are hung in public for all to see....including all his children and grand children, his DNA must ever be allowed to continue
I AM GETTING SICK \nTO MY STOMACH CONSTANTLY SEEING THIS MASS MURDERERS TWIN BROTHER ALL OVER THE NEWS....
They give warnings on tickets if u don't wanna be in danger then sit up on top deck or areas that balls aren't flying at you
I thought maybe someone was throwing acid.  Nope, just someone attempting to detonate a powerful explosive in an enclosed space.  some people...
Open offices are repugnant. An office should be made entirely of cubicles.
I love Ireland 
You're next, Katzenberg.
hahaha
Humans have to realize than they're not controlling nature...\n\nNature is controlling us ...
I don't understand what is so difficult about this operation that requires that he need help? All of those guns and equipment could easily have been taken to his room by a single individual. Think about it - who is going to be suspicious of a man carrying a large suitcase into a hotel room? Even multiple suitcases. He spent a while planning this it seems. What was so difficult that make an accomplice necessary?
Lol, reminds me of Walter from Drake and Josh
I see nothing racist
Dear Uber, ha haha haha 
Why they haitin Haiti.
To everyone thanking God and praying to him to help them. Ever think that maybe God done this? You are all idiots.
Why not just go to the islands that actually got hit with cat 5 winds
Download Google Allo. A new smart messaging app! http://g.co/allo/331
Brilliant video, love the whole break down of it.
Trump 2020
Folks calm down there is a steal beam under the glass which is why Peale are just walking across it in a normal fashion and paying no attention to grandpa
Resign!
Couldn't care.  Tired of the president bashing and the reeee complex that Hollywood has now.  I'd like to see it all burn.
Paedowood!
One day hurricane other day earthquake.
I feel so bad for prince Harry and William they lost Diana on such a tragic way
..so women in hollywood dont use their beauty ect to get on?..so one sided this...all to fit the globle agenda and to take your mind off the obvious false flag in las vegas..
Thats completely incorrect, every sporting event from youth to professional has had the national anthem since I was a child, not since 2009. The national anthem always has been a core start to any group community event. It affirms our unity, all colors, creeds, and religions. One fraction of society throws a fit and now  they want attention. Rich actors and athletes want to act like they are oppressed by our society, yet their very  existance negates that fact. You are not opressed, GO GET WHAT YOU WANT IN OUR FREE COUNTRY. The fact that you can complain shows that you are free. But just complaining to get special treatment is child like behavior. Black lives matter, like all lives matter. Pushing only black lives matter is like nazi propagnda.That is teaching people that they are the victims and all those opposed are the enemy trying to get them. Stop the madness. Create a unified positive message. Bring America together.
Less words, more video
there are many reasons for taking a knee to the flag. unfortunately this flag does not respresent EVERYONE!! social injustice, our demarcracy, racism,  lets not forget how laws where passed to segregate. no, the flag has different meaning and causes and many are holding onto rhe first amendment. ...just sayin...
I think it disrespectful to not only to NFL and the fans but also our national anthem to kneel. If you don't like the president, oh well, don't disrespect the flag that our Ancestors fought for
That a hell
Even inanimate objects are telling theresa what to do with the F off
Lol police won't investigate anything, because this whole hoax was staged with their complacency.
Idiots!!!!!
All of us off white people were abused by the Romans and the Turks. When the Europeans found out we were not pure white the beat us and nearly killed us all. Off White is out of sight! We need to be as violent as everyone else to show off white need special treatment too. Death to all colors but mine (and the green people of course) we hate racist brown, black, yellow, red, and white peoples of the Earth. What I hated most they would kick us and call us as the puppy word, I hate being called puppy and kicked by all the evil racist white, black, red, yellow, and the worst were the brown people. Sana Anna killed almost all of us who were in Mexico. Genocide' he was a tyrant killer. Up with off white down with the rest of the world. Oh yea we believe in raping and robbing everyone. It's just in our Genes. We do not have an ability to follow laws that were not written by any non-off white so we do not obey your laws. Can I get some money now? Some free housing? I just need bus money. Off White Lives Matter...More!\nWe once had a beautiful mountain kingdom everybody loved one another and we were seen as very successful by all the other kingdoms. The valley people wanted our riches, we told them we would gladly share them. It wasn't enough for the people below to share in our success and they invaded us killing everyone.\nAfter the valley people defeated us they dug into the mountain in search of our treasure, what did they find?
CNN = Corrupt News Network #FakeNews
My theory is that Paddock was an undercover FBI agent performing a sting of illegal weapons sale,the reason why he had so many weapons in the room. The ISIS member who was the target of the sting figured it out, murdered him in his room, then fired on the crowd and fled with several weapons. The actual facts of the case implicate the FBI selling weapons to ISIS terrorists much like Fast/Furious, and directly enabling ISIS to commit mass murder in Las Vegas.This investigation needs to be opened to the public, the FBI involved in this all need to be prosecuted for treason, and Trump needs to crack down on this kind of bullshit.\n\nSurveillance footage would immediately confirm this theory, we should demand that all relevant surveillance be released to the public. They have already claimed that there is not an accomplice, which means the investigation isn't protected by constitutional rights, it should be 100% transparent from here on out.Why would a 64 year old man have so many weapons in the room specially scattered all over the floor?I am a 44 year old and have back issues,i can't imagine a 64 year old running around in bending over picking up gun after gun ..
#hanoijane
Well done Simon Brodkin aka Lee Nelson the brilliant comedian does it again superb 
They shouldnt be playing the national anthem before every game, that should be only played in special occasions that are important for the nation, on official government or military ceremonies, nothing undermines a song more that listening to it over and over and over every fucking half hour. Btw fuck trump!
They've done the national anthem for over 150 years, but it wasn't required for them to stand up or put their hands on their chest till 2009 .. Do some research ppl
What a time to live in.
I wish people would control their kids no one wants your child taken things how rude
                      
i never knew i will witness a world where khloe is thinner than kim
IMPORT teams from europe. There are OTHER ball sports we can enjoy here. Make contracts to disallow politics and personal grand standing by owners, teams, players, etc.\nThey are trying to CHANGE the FACT that we are a CHRISTIAN Nation. That is the BOTTOM LINE of all this liberal evil, to REMOVE WHO WE ARE! Go to saudi Arabia and try to tell them they cant be an islamic nation any longer. You would be killed instantly.
I feel like I'm from Alabama = I would have owned slaves prior to the Civil War and I would have fought for the south. Loser.
EVERYONE WHO SUBS TO ME, I WILL SUB BACK WITH 3 accounts
Subscribe to the channel\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/MrSinjub
Why is this being made important?!
killed it
This has nothing to do with islam yet i see muslims crying in the comments. Muslims really do play victim in everything
Clowns
I WANNA DROWN IN IVANKA'S LOVE JUICIES
Adam silver!?

Mexico and the people there need your help all illegals should bring all of their possessions and money  and go help your country.\nMexico needs you not America
I never saw what the big deal was. Give me a cheap, durable counter and I will use a cutting board.
What the hell is going on?? \nWhat happened?  I don't do TV but now everyone's talking about shooting !?? Who the hell shot whom? ?
Good to see he is ok and walking around, truly, now hopefully this experience will change his mind of fucking the american people and trying some bipartisanship.
GOOD MAN. GOOD PARENTS. GOOD PEOPLE. I'M ON MY 3rd week of boycotting the NFL and I'm not going to watch or buy anything  NFL until they stop that shit.
I'm deeply offended by Dove's use of humans to help sell their product, how dare they !
This video could have got more hits if you used your favourite titles like A black guy open fires at white people at a white church.
Lol if nascar was more like this than it would be much more exciting
It was God's will. PRAISE HIM!
Yeah they were OK, except they're overused now
Typical every white male is writing  or has written a book including Bernie Sanders , and it's  pats on  the  backs for all ,but Hillary writes a book and a misogynistic white male America tells her to Shut up . None of them will sell their books  at a record  three hundred thousand books sold in one day . So STFU  to that !!
Wow that was powerful. I love the amazing grace song.
These people see racism everywhere. Nobody but the progdroids listen to them anymore. Very sad.
No! It's not close to be finished! It's all still full of dirt and stuff!
So that's why Kylie wasn't there. She pregnant 
Dozens?  Wasn't it like 200?  I guess technically that is dozens but it still feels a bit understated
I'm sorry but that's what happens when you don't follow the traffic rules on a bike. I'm surprised this doesn't happen more often.
http://tunein.com/radio/24-7-Motown-s191799/\nhttp://tunein.com/radio/Disco-Fever-s250013/\nhttp://www.iheart.com/live/slow-jams-4719/\nhttps://tunein.com/radio/Wu-Tang-Radio-%28Wu-World-Radio%29-s133913
Lock her up
FIRE THESE SON OF BITCHES, AND STOP WATCHING THEM.
What a fucking disgrace. No one knows his motives yet, and all you see in the comments are basement dwelling cuck-fucks blaming either radical islam or radical leftism. NO ONE KNOWS YET, ASSHOLES. Don't try and bend the deaths of dozens of people to your political agendas.
??\n,1:1!!\ni88,//\n\n,,1:1\n15,\n ///21/..\n ///.1.97\n    539 \n()()(),\n: http://www.i88game.net/?p=GGIWQ\nLINE: oioi19487  <3
Nice job SA! Welcome to 1926!
Aloha snackbar strikes again
Funny that old Pat didn't care about disrespect for our president under the previous regime
Religion of peace strikes again
Excellent interview!!!!!
Damn... Bloody truth man.
Only thing good I've ever heard her say.
I don't believe he was a nice guy
agree about extending the netting but I disagree also. fans need to be attentive at this games. real fans are. they watch every pitch and every swing and can react to foul balls and bats. but so many people go that don't pay attention to the sport so what's the point of going then? fans crave the ball hit in the seats so they can go home with a souvenir. I think by buying a ticket, it should waiver certain rights knowing in full what dangers could happen and relieving the park of any liability.

Damn i wonder how many uav's he called in
this is actually really great progress for saudi arabia\nnow we just need democratic government so we don't become north korea: the sequel, freedom of religion and less death penalties for simple and silly things, because thats way too extra. why can't we just be a normal country like the us or the emirates smh
Any bets on this police chief having 6 or 8 more news conferences?
great he speaks truth msm lies shame on them
Dogs in their natural habitat. *barks*
Here's a link to r/the_donald before and after learning the shooter was white: cognitive bias at its best https://imgur.com/qsguily
She's a professor for Islamic studies. Coincidence that she's deathly allergic to dogs?
That's some scary shit!
No racist but class segregation  & discrimination, which is unfortunate in Japan.\nAlso Japanese shop owners are subject to yakuza protection. Women are still 2nd class.\nGood & bad in Japan.
Politics is social. Change has to be individual. Politics don't really exist except that fools buy into it. Like putting a game in front of people you know will fight over it. \n\nGreetings everyone! I'm trying to start a music video channel here on YouTube but it's difficult to get seen. \n\nThe music is instrumental and may fall under categories ranging from mellow to rock to hip hop - but mostly a unique combination of them all. The videos are original and usually random - whatever comes to mind in the moment. \n\nI'm new to both video and music production so I will gladly acknowledge input from anybody willing to offer it. If you have the time, click my icon and let me know what you think. Thank you in advance, it's much appreciated!
I stopped keeping track of these things after irma
The hurricane was just trying to help them convert to alternative energy.
Peak Design book bag!
Traffic jams up 80%
Im really confused guys, please someone explain whats going on
NO THANK YOU!
Legit the president genuinely shouldn't be president that's why there is disrespect for him, and there is no singular god in our country because of the separation of church and state in the constitution which was 1 of the many reasons the country was founded
Hilarious how this discussion is about the fragile existence of the GOP.  The irony of that discussion because, question:  Where the heck are the democrats?  If there was a party about to die off, literally, it's the Democrats.  No one from Democrats is stepping up and even if they do, no one listens.
THIS IS NOT THAT BAD.  COULD'VE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE.
yea i am in tralee its not as bad hear as it was there
Bravo
Hurricane Andrew literally flattened entire suburbs. This is far far from a catastrophe.
It takes 53 dead and 500 injured for NRA to support agun legislation.. maybe we needa million more American dead, so theNRA will support gun control legislation..
I mean they were telling her to walk and she wasn't walking so they had to shove her ass out the plane... as simple as obeying orders
Gun control worked out great for the American Indians, don't you think? Just lay down your weapons and we'll take care of you! We are the federal government and we are here to help.
Omg that was upsetting to watch
Not surprised this is trending. Way to go YouTube. We totally get that youre biased you dont need to keep trying this hard
This was a Trump hate crime to show all the Trump supporters racist individuals to put away their hate love and be there for one another  and unite ...Did they deserve it?  Absolutely Not .White lives black lives brown lives all lives matter and until all this racism doesn't stop there's no doubt in my mind that this will continue to occur in the future..
Talk about one big inside joke. It was a hoax.
why the govener has not declared state of emergency yet?
He'll be back!
Is that... Doug Stamper??
I have 2 kids missing jon pierre and acacia duvall they are in the missing and exploited web site please contact me
I hope you're ok Virgie!!!!!
So if it actually cracks they'll think it's fake and all die. Nice
The comments section is cancerous, screw all you inbred redneck hick right-wing trumptards, your making jokes and people are dying. I hope y'all have absolute misery for the rest of your meaningless lives. I donated $100 to the earthquake relief. By the way Mexico definitely now ain't paying for that wall, the United States taxpayers will be paying for the wall if it passes and gets built. Stay strong Mexico, there are people who care about you in the USA and around the world. Ignore these loser trumptards, they have low IQs and no empathy.
Honestly she's right this time.
From an evolutionary standpoint, I think we like repetition because it was used as a syncing and motivational mechanism for big crowds of people, chanting or using military drums, especially in wartime.
Every single clip shown was the group members defending themselves. There's a reason they're not being investigated by the police, because they haven't done anything illegal.
Can someone please explain why there is absolutely no blood or dead bodies in any YouTube video I've seen??????? I've seen people running and screaming.  I've seen people being carried by others,  but not a single sign of blood or anything. This is one strange mass shooting.
I love how he said the ESPN sportscaster was respected lmao. She was given her latest position because of race and to try to be overly diverse instead of hiring upon talent. She's a low life scum just like the other liberal cry baby's
why nate, who named the harricane?
If she didnt listen for a bad reason then drag her ass of the plane. She just trying to be a victim.
Dave looks sooo tiny
death to america
Paul Ryan Sanchez N Brayan Austin Williams
Very nice storm considering to the others that hit places like the US, Puerto and other islands. Hmmm...
Clinton 2020
Addison Lee must be delighted
False flag operation
Even CNN is saying shes wrong.
Easy on the trump bashing here youtube
If you don't know about it don't talk because i am spanish and i am proud to be spanish .
Paul Ryan is a disappointment to the human race .....your party has control of the house , the senate and the presidency ....and have accomplished NOTHING ...... it's no longer the blind leading the blind ...it's morons leading morons.
Every one let's help the best we can it's time to make a change!!
F'n tards, both of them.
That woman makes me want to puke!!
I saw on SnapChat that this was in the news and I thought it was crazy. I'm so happy that the comments section on this video doesn't confirm my fears of all hope being lost. I can see how some people MAY be offended over the black woman turning into a white woman, though it's still a stretch imho. But then to see the white woman turning into the third woman (I'm bad at judging ethnicity but she seems to be Hispanic?) just cements for me that it doesn't come close to being racist. It was just three women being represented equally in a commercial rather than dove making some statement about race.
I'd knock that Dumbass out and drag her off lol.
Let it be noted that Lord Infamous from three six created this flow
But only vehicles fitted with GPS!!!
Ooo la la. I see someone got her frail, devastatingly dry, and brittle hair done. Work it gurl!
Trump loves the usa thats why he does what he does if we are not for the usa and the flag then we are against it no? Everyone throwing a fit over trump yet you said yes to him being President lol.
I don't understand why everyone tries to blame Trump for everything when most of the problems we have in this country were preexisting long befor trump. The truth is we have a massive homeless population that we cannot even feed or house. We have the highest prison population on the planet, so much tax money with every president wasted and nothing to show for... a massive national debt on top of that. Our minimum wage is a joke, our FDA is a joke and there is massive corruption amongst politicians and wall street. All existed before trump and will be there after. Trump is merely a scapegoat so people can pretend that if he was not the president we would all be living a Clinton Utopia... I think not.
Apparently a friend of his had to fend off Weinstein
Ok why is japan bad for not accepting so many foreigners??
You can have your bump stocks ban, I don't care its not going to fix the real problems we have in the world. That has nothing to do with guns.
Rap is the attempt by the powers that be to degrade Black culture into being about bad behavior and irresponsibility. From the looks of Chicago and Detroit, seems like it's working.
YouTube why do you accept bribes?
-slrrp-     Noice
May God be with the victims and their families
I fully accept that we will lose people we knew, loved, connected to.  But you lose an artist like Tom Petty and it is just surreal.  I can close my eyes and remember he and Stevie Nicks jamming together like it was yesterday.  So sad!
I can't believe how calm they are. My dog would be running everywhere
How do magnets work?
On Second thought maybe he was just  angry with the world.... *Trump* and *North Korea* ...
This is America world, please read the comments, hypocrisy at its best. The land of the free and the home of the brave. Freedom of speech.
Wow..
hey friends i live in USA  in my country i can buy gun easily just like buying candy.  ..  \nso if my teacher gives me too much homework i will shot her wth my assault rifle\nif someone is talking to my crush i will shoot him \niam in subway i feel the place is crowded  guess what will i do ..... it will start shooting at the crowd
This is the news blacks love because they are too stupid to realize that this guy is a murderer.
boo
Blah blah blah, opinion. Glad the girls okay.
200% rise in accident in SA
this isn't racist  I'm not Caucasian and this video doesn't offend me. it's just showing the different shades we all have! I bet  you'd think it racist if they didn't show no one else but Caucasian. . I'm all for being equal because we are all human just different shade and each shade is beautiful but come on, there's more racist shit happening around the world and no one else is talking about it!!!!
How well Portugal understands Catalonia. Catalonia is just 377 years late! We left at 1640, and they could have too! Good luck, boa sorte, bona sort!
I started crying. Amazing
WHY IS THIS TRENDING IN GAMING?
I just focused my attention on that hot reporter
it's odd to think how many people keep asking why trump is still talking about the NFL. when what they should be asking is why the reporters keep asking these stupid fucking questions. bush lubed up america and spread our cheeks for Obama so he could ram his big dick up our ass hole. and now we have an idiot in office. but this entire time the media has been so fucking busy with twitter and the entertainment industry that they don't do thier fucking jobs and dig into shit. trump and Obama where and are both pieces of shit who broke the law again and again and if the media where willing to go and do thier jobs instead of asking stupid unimportant questions like these most people would know this. it's like the media is actively trying to keep people uninformed about select things.
I how long it'll be before the BBC disable the comments
fake news
Rachel Kim.
Way too short.
How will the MSM negatively spin this? They will find a way, bet on it. No mealy mouth empty political phrases here. Believes what he say's stands by what he say's, will do what he say's. What a speech.
Stupid Fucking Liberals that are offended that real men are attracted to women and their body parts. That stupid CNN bitch should be more up on things her guests say regularly. Liberals want to ban high heels because they draw men's attention to woman's legs. Ugly Liberal women are at home cringing that real men would want to look at beautiful women's legs rather than their manly Liberal women's legs.
That baby was thrown into a blender and put on the 5 speed cycle just 2 short days after
I'm stuck here, they took the roads in tonight and they're storing them in a warehouse on the other side of the island
wow she's cute! and smart!
Terrorist this time a white one.\nOnly polcible in America...
This clammy old snatch is STILL ALIVE??\nFuck you, Fonda. You're old and no one gives a shit about what you have to say.
The world is in turmoil and people are losing their lives left and right but I'm a little shithead who only cares about my ratings so I'm asking stupid questions.
You will Cry if u watch this video
Eat7nKj_30o,||Breaking Massive mexico earthquake Heart Touching Video\nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=v3tebXn_HJg&itct=CCMQpDAiEwiBs4uEnLbWAhVS9n4KHUV8Bu4yCWM0LWZlZWQtdVoYVUN4cUpnVndGZEplN2xJOUlhemVqSG9R&client=mv-google&hl=en&gl=US
Are the dogs fine?
#Ricegumisabitch
white liberal logic has destroyed the black families
I wonder if this had any effect at all or they'll just go back to it at another market
LOL, of course he's willing to outlaw bump stocks since according to the comment section here, it's easy to just jerry-rig one yourself. This isn't news, it's as jiggly as jello!
Foreign Poricy...
ya some one who worked at that place he had help.Every camera in a casino come on!!
Damage to the train carriage?
According to Sadiq Khan, Muslim mayor of London, this is just everyday life in a big city. True. A big city in some Islamic shithole country teeming with subhuman, stinking, violent Muslims. I remember a family vacation to London in the early 1970s. Then it was actually full of courteous, civilized white Britons. I was there a second time again early this summer, and large parts of it are so rancid and violent with Muslims those areas should be leveled, the Muslims repatriated to whatever Islamic death cult cesspool they crawled out of, and the areas vacated populated by white Britons once again.
Hero to racist black Americans
whats the dee dee dum dum thing from?
I live in Elmira, OR and my internet is the worst =( 10 GB data for the whole month, with a bonus zone between 2am and 8am providing an additional 50gb. So, if I want to dl a patch or watch youtube without pre-loading anything, its stay up till 2am. When the 10 gb runs out, the internet is throttled and streaming is not possible. Websites like Twitch won't even load. HALP.
Not racist at all. Fucking babies
Idk if taxi was speeding but even if he was idk what he will be charged with but it wont be as bad as it could like 20 years, since bike ran red light
End of the world is coming too many bad events happening at once
Did he forget that the republican party shutdown the government? He is a HUGE hypocrite
Good job! I support your actions. Anthem has nothing to do with president! These over paid losers are crossed the line. I agree!
Paul Ryan is awful
The Juice is loose!!!!
I feel like everyone who clicked this is now on a list.
Any bets on this police chief having 6 or 8 more news conferences?
I want to know how many Uber drivers have been involved in sex attacks. Where are the figures? They must be bad.
White nigger baby factories
Finally my juice is loose
OH MY GOD ALL SHE TALKS ABOUT IS JEREMY CORBIN. WHAT KIND OF POLITICS IS THIS??? SO RUBBISH
Why????????
LMAOOO
All of us off white people were abused by the Romans and the Turks. When the Europeans found out we were not pure white the beat us and nearly killed us all. Off White is out of sight! We need to be as violent as everyone else to show off white need special treatment too. Death to all colors but mine (and the green people of course) we hate racist brown, black, yellow, red, and white peoples of the Earth. What I hated most they would kick us and call us as the puppy word, I hate being called puppy and kicked by all the evil racist white, black, red, yellow, and the worst were the brown people. Sana Anna killed almost all of us who were in Mexico. Genocide' he was a tyrant killer. Up with off white down with the rest of the world. Oh yea we believe in raping and robbing everyone. It's just in our Genes. We do not have an ability to follow laws that were not written by any non-off white so we do not obey your laws. Can I get some money now? Some free housing? I just need bus money. Off White Lives Matter...More!\nWe once had a beautiful mountain kingdom everybody loved one another and we were seen as very successful by all the other kingdoms. The valley people wanted our riches, we told them we would gladly share them. It wasn't enough for the people below to share in our success and they invaded us killing everyone.\nAfter the valley people defeated us they dug into the mountain in search of our treasure, what did they find?
The NRA aren't stupid. They see the motive clearly to undermine 2nd amendment, with repeal ultimate objective. They can read the tea leaves.\nThe what will it take event will always be just a hair's breadth away... (FWIW if this was to catalyze constitutional change, the assailant would be akin to dropping the A bomb on Hiroshima. Brutal, yet effective in ending the conflict.) Just saying.
Just wish more people took advantage of the opportunity that having high speed internet is and would waste less time arguing on facebook or watching snap chat stories.
Its a ghost town in the middle of the day. Barely any cars or movement at all down there. Creepy as hell
when is it gonna burn down LA and the other shit hole places there, which is pretty much everything else.  Throw some kindling on that motherfucker.
Middle aged white guy murders 50. Time to put Nevada in the TRAVEL BAN, Donnie. NRA spent $60 million on GOP during election. BLOOD MONEY.
Ban Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)\nCitalopram (Celexa)\nEscitalopram (Lexapro, Cipralex)\nParoxetine (Paxil, Seroxat)\nFluoxetine (Prozac)\nFluvoxamine (Luvox)\nSertraline (Zoloft, Lustral)
Attractive and smart !!!
Both drivers should be arrested and the driver in the car that ran over 33 banned from racing.
These are the kind of idiits killing america. Ignorant filthy god cult psychos. Shut up !!
Wow there's so many people in the comments saying she's so ugly and black  isn't there a word for judge a person solely for their appearance or skin color ... O yeah Progressive
Hi
If only the NFL hated its players raping women and killing people like it hates America. Never saw these cowardly millionaire morons taking a knee for all the women that were victims of their abuse.
I don't get it , most Dominicans are black
Even if there is anything being hidden, it does not make any sense for a planned attack on a random crowd of people. Even if there was one target in the crowd, it would be incredibly difficult to locate and hit from that distance.
I gotta say the musicality of this rap is actual crap, but the triplet does give a ton of soul and makes you wanna dance.
The real Playboy
Bow to your leaders CNN. The tribe sticks together no matter the hypocrisy and we're suppose to listen to you about Trump? 
Deadliest mass shooting in US history was wounded knee 300 innocents murdered there.
SOOO GOOD!
NO GUN BAN. Unless you are Liberals Muslims Mexicans or non believers. Bless us oh Mighty and Glorious leader Trump our savior . Amen
do people look to her for life support  or weather just the facts please
US history is more like white fake ass news.  we don't believe you, the moon landing hoax, the earth is flat and all A listers are trannies.
IRMA IS MAN MADE..DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH ON THIS MATTER...WAKE UP AMERICA
I don't understand what is so difficult about this operation that requires that he need help? All of those guns and equipment could easily have been taken to his room by a single individual. Think about it - who is going to be suspicious of a man carrying a large suitcase into a hotel room? Even multiple suitcases. He spent a while planning this it seems. What was so difficult that make an accomplice necessary?
I Boycott these political talk trash show.
So many liberals have no respect for the United States
Staged event
between second 48 and 49 is onset of the fake im saying absolutely nothing politician face
Lol gmo everywhere
perchase my vietnam micro plastic soldiers  TM. play war in your HERsuit E hairy bush.
I love me some ads before hearing about what is killing people today.
FAKE NEWS
There all dead......AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA!!!
i was 10 years old when it happened. 25 now. it looked like a demolition.
I don't know if I have ever loved anyone as much as I love Tommy Wiseau.
This is the first video from CNN that wasn't fake news
R.I.P Tom Petty we will miss you I certainly will brought up a To a genre of music that has been lost the Thanks to my parentsMusic is something that I Learned to love that you go Listento that is that I like to listen to a lot we will miss you Rest in peace
It says the glass is checked regularly for safety, but I say when have the Chinese ever been concerned about safety.
Yes you will rise up!!!Thank you Jesus..sound like angels!!!!Beautiful
Everyone wants a piece of the sjw pie
He will be a great Father some day
It's sad to see Bob Costas jump on the anti-trump bandwagon and participate in false narratives.  It wasn't the President who made the national anthem a racial issue.  It was Kaepernick  along with those other pampered, ignorant millionaire athletes who have little understanding of history or the constitution who tainted a traditionally sacred moment with politics. Trump is calling them on the carpet for THEIR ACTIONS.   The anthem SHOULD NOT be a racial issue.  It should be a unifying and sacred moment for every American and its wrong for any person to use that national, public forum to exercise their First Amendment privilege for personal issues.  That's what the President is pursuing--bringing us together as one under a sacred symbol.  Why is that so hard for the liberal left to perceive? To throw the race card, once again, into the dialogue, just to take a cheap shot at the President just shows a lack of character and integrity.   Look at what Americans are saying--see it in your slumping ratings and see it in the lack of ticket sales.  People don't burn their favorite team's symbols for nothing.  We're sick of the denigration of our country by our own citizens and main stream media.  We love this country and we're standing up for it.  Bob, why don't  you talk about how the NFL can't even follow its OWN rules regarding the national anthem instead of ripping on the President.  I think, like the players,  you should stick to sports and stay out of politics.  You're out of your league.  No place for a CNN puppet.
No cars, no people, the colors are so fucking strange... Maybe... Fake?
Well so what's the problem? Trump is really a racist, and have a lot of racist friends and supporter's. If you support him you may be a racist or a racist sympathizer.
Thats completely incorrect, every sporting event from youth to professional has had the national anthem since I was a child, not since 2009. The national anthem always has been a core start to any group community event. It affirms our unity, all colors, creeds, and religions. One fraction of society throws a fit and now  they want attention. Rich actors and athletes want to act like they are oppressed by our society, yet their very  existance negates that fact. You are not opressed, GO GET WHAT YOU WANT IN OUR FREE COUNTRY. The fact that you can complain shows that you are free. But just complaining to get special treatment is child like behavior. Black lives matter, like all lives matter. Pushing only black lives matter is like nazi propagnda.That is teaching people that they are the victims and all those opposed are the enemy trying to get them. Stop the madness. Create a unified positive message. Bring America together.
What a Savage
Hello
These attacks have happened so many times overin Europe that everyone is getting used to them. did you hear, another terrorist attack in London, could you pass the butter Marge.
Leave her alone! Always the same way.... blame on relatives around who weren't even aware or Isis! If the killer was dark hair or darker skin they'd blame it on Islam and Isis! Stop selling guns over the counter to psychopaths! And report if you see they're buying suspicions amount at least and do yourselves a favor and investigate them! The psychopath from pulse shooting was on FBI's list twice and they didn't pay attention! Blame it on yourself and do your job right not only after it's way too late but before it's too late!
I have had enough of all this Kaffirphobia. All this hate crime against non - Muslims needs to stop.
He took his job!
I wish I could play Fallout 3, but the game refuses to work.
yay
7.1 powerful!!??? 2 weeks ago it was a 8.4 fuckn moron!!
I dont get it - lol
I love seeing all these crying trumpets in the comments section, it's hilarious
nh
OMG NOO. 
Beautiful.  Your singing really touched my heart and brought me to tears.
Trump fake
Religion of peace strikes again
he looks like david schwimmer from friends XD
Watch more of this phony fake witness here: https://vid.me/mAavy
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
Boobs are the main reason female news anchors get hired.
Prayers to all my people in Mexico 
Lmfao people are disappointed that is wasn't worse wtf is wrong with you people
As a veteran IT IS VERY DISRESPECTFUL that you just said its disrespectful so fuck you drumpf. I didnt get shot at for the countries respect. Freedom over respect.

https://youtubem.video/r/?pjuGl1fF75lHawk=Kz9OVKE0Dpwsfh
THIS IS NOT THAT BAD.  COULD'VE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE.
And I thought conservatives spouted off weird conspiracy theories. But it looks like liberals are equally moronic. All the more reason why they should be brought to heel.
God is Punishing Mexico for saying slanderous things about America and Trump.  Just desserts!\nI'll be satisfied when the whole country falls into the Ocean.
Beautiful!
What's the point of giving rural areas faster internet? So they can get their brain washed by facebook fake news faster??
BUILD THE WALL...NOT ENABLE THEM
Iconic
Moronic uproar over absolutely nothing.
He Knew
everybody i know is so annoyed by her show, lest we forget shes a fox shill lol
On 4chan weeks before the shooting an anonymous person warned against a big attack in Las Vegas. This man is a patsy. No motive because he wasn't motivated. He somehow carried 20 guns into a hotel room by himself. Many say there were two shooters. He was probably a gun runner and got used as a patsy, killed before the shooting ever took place. Look it up.
Ohh Smack. That should be the end of his company, who colluded to the point of having a  bad behaviour clause in his contract, so he wouldn't cost them money.
I had the best advert ever, 2 African kids wanting money for food,1 other African man with money says no,he drops the money,the kids steal the money and buy food,the rich man starves to death
I want to play with ALL OF THEM
respect!
I hope he repented of his sins and gave his Life to Christ on his death bed because the bible says there is no peace for the wicked. People live for a time in earth  but eternity is forever choose life  in Jess Christ ..\n.
If there was an explosion then how was the bag and bucket it was in almost fully intact and barely on fire? And why was George Stephanopoulos in London? Was he there to cover another story or did he just happen to be there today? Hmm...
Trump isn't the target, he is just the patsy. Its like going after Lee Harvey Oswald for shooting JFK when all smart people know that one man (who sucked at firing a rifle) could not have nailed all those shots at different angles. Trump is just a distraction whilst the deep state continues toinflict its injustice. WAKE UP! They don't care about you and they never will unless you got $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Middle aged white guy murders 50. Time to put Nevada in the TRAVEL BAN, Donnie. NRA spent $60 million on GOP during election. BLOOD MONEY.
Wow
Anyone else notice a real heavy lezbo vibe going on between the lovely Ainsley and Kellyanne? I definitely sensed a bi-curious vibe from sweet Ainsley, and several times she was looking at the older, more worldly Kellyanne like she was ready to engage in some next-level carpet munching. I would very much enjoy watching that!
so is all it takes to be trending nowadays at least 100,00 views and be against trump?
Its not just the freeze part.
I have no hate for Vegas #prayforvegas   but go ans see muslims of borma there ils nothing to say about that and nothing we can do sry for bad english god be with u vegas
thats not true beauty
A good upper cut knockout would have made things quiet and smooth. Women privilege.
hi there  
I don't mind Juggalos or most people part of any affiliation at all though, the lack of mindfulness of many individuals is obscene. Many people don't care to set examples that speak for all individuals and only care to set examples for the people they know or the people that they associate with or spend their time around.
Megan: Lose the f**king pen! IT's stupid
Thanks for sharing this
Something is going on with youtube..... And I don't like it....
Doesn't TFL realise their affecting the Uber drivers and their families. Just wait till the unemployment rate go up.
This is HD video?  It looks like it was from a shitty webcam in 2002. lmao
If I wore a  make America great  button at a McDonald's and a liberal walked in they would want me fired . It very offensive for many for someone not to stand for the national anthem and NFL is going to suffer greatly . So when the guy in the stand selling hot dog gets laid off he can thank Colin C.\nIf his employer is fine with his action he will suffer the consequences .\nI appreciate Colin C thinks USA is a horrible racist country but he should not protest during working hours
Oh, what a surprise..the people in the comments have all the answers 
expeerimental
Okay abc news since cnn is not reporting YOU'RE taking the hit. Now US military blow up civilians overseas but is not reported. There are numerous REAL terrorist attacks that go unreported. Sheeple claim they need evidence to prove that these are psyops but I need evidence to prove that it was real other than reporters saying so fake witnesses and police and emts everywhere. Now you can fool millions but I know that this is another psyop to invoke fear and control. I don't care about responses because this message is for abc.
HIDE THE POTATOOOOOOOS
anyone regretting not supporting Bernie or Johnson now?
I think the guns should be stopped.
Seeing as how chinese escalators are quite famous for eating people, i'll pass on this.
thats a cute little boy
skip ad\ni need a doughnut
Pause at 1:08 there is a guy dressed as a security guard shooting at the people
Pennywise: and Hot dogs..... and....\nGeorgie: Popcorn?\nPennywise: POPCORN!!!! Yes! hee hee!!!! is that your favourite??\nGeorgie: yep.\nPennywise: Ooh, hoo, hoo. Mine too. You want to know why? Cause it POPS!!! HEE HEE!!!\nGeorgie: *giggles*\nPennywise: Pop pop pop!!!!\nGeorgie: Well, I should be going now. \nPennywise: oh... Without your boat?..... here.... take itTTT.....
There's something wrong with this video....  It's all focused on Haiti...  And how you guys are calling dominicans racists...  Learn the way things really are and the reason of it ... F***\n WE DON'T HATE 
no matter how many women and how much money he had, he finally died.
https://www.gofundme.com/4esiwu8
In my mind he is not dead, his music will keep him alive for many of us!
Legit bull shit this is the government you cant tell me he got that many guns and ammo passed the hotel security and why havent  any of the videotapes shown blood everywhere if 50+ people died and 500 injured then there would be guts and just blood everywhere shits wack
There has to be an easier way than searching through 200 comments right?
It's a sign of the times.
Who needs granite, when you got a Marble Countertop
What a shmuck.. full auto is not illegal it takes a super in-depth back ground check by the BATF and other law enforcement agency's and then cost you 200.00 bucks for the stamp and the security to keep it is way beyond most people,, so cost wise yes they are prohibitive. And if you knew anything, you would know its not the gun, its the person using it,,, FYI none of the guns I know of, ever left the house by them selves!
Every. Fucking. Week.
So, they will be out of EU, they will not have a seat at the table, but they will still be ruled by the EU....What a fuc..up XD
My god shes beatiful
another reason for the rise of rap is the demise of music
5 in one year ? Man , I know if I want in London I'm paranoid 24/7
So, you like to sit close to the action? Everybody should know by now, most people are injured in specific areas near the plate. Color code the seats?
I blame trump
Christ do we have to get offended about everything? Dude likes boobs. Welcome to earth.
Rip disney world.
Prayers to all my people in Mexico 
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
Hi! Check out my channel for tv reviews and recommendations. Thanks :D
Lol. The hatred towards liberals is outright hilarious. Also a bit worrying I suppose.
Virtue signal all you want, this is intentional disrespect.  These people are not wearing a flag, they are openly disrepectful of our nation's symbol and anthem.  A welder or biker wearing a flag bandana is wearing an image of our flag, not the flag (and i would venture to say the reason they do is out of a national pride.)  There is no national anthem being played nor millions of people watching while they wear their bandana or bathing suit. Save your holier-than-thou attitude. If you served and think this way, you did not do so honorably. Try not saluting your superior officers, standing at attention for reveille or retreat.  With any rights there follows responsibility. When we focus on our rights and not our responsibilities we have failed democracy. As for being white and having an advantage you are mistaken. Sports, music, business, entertainment,  politics and even the presidency have all colors not just white.  Do the math and look at the demographics of race before you open your mouth again and quit living in your own little world of Camelot.
I can't help but wonder where you spend your eternity and did anyone tell you the sinners prayer in your old age or did they just like you for your money
*Do not buy merchandise from this channel.* You'll support the North Korea's regime. Thumbs up so everyone can see
Trump putting his foot in his mouth yet again. So Las Vegas wasn't a real tragedy compared to 911.... you can be very proud only 59 died instead of hundreds. Be very proud. oh by the way, you through our budget out of whack! fucking guy!
It took a *decade* , did he piss off the wrong people or what?
Why so many dislikes, he's basically saying If this bump stock is what I'm told it is, then it should be looked at very carefully and must be regulated. It sounds like Paul Ryan is making the case for regulation of this accessory whilst simultaneously knowing very little about it, why are so many anti-gun activists in the comments mad.
and even if we stopped contributing to climate change the conditions would continue to get worse and worse for years and years . . . the last time the CO2 was this high it took millions of years to become what we now think of as 'normal' . . . PLEASE STOP BEING WILLFULLY IGNORANT OF HUMAN CAUSED CLIMATE CHANGE
Don't forget she came from a climate where women were assaulted every day in Hollywood ...many stars slept with producers to get a part...or even be offered a part. Men in control. As she said it was not unique. Thiswas the world women lived in in those days. As she said men have to be prepared to step forward. Don't tell me other men didn't know? I hope she is not scapegoated. It is not her fault that he was a sexual predator.
Al jazeera is ISIS propaganda
Anyone found Katie Hopkins house there?
Somebody so transparent as Donald Trump cant be a man.
The luck of the Irish.
1 Like One Prayer
Complain or not , thats a grown man screaming in her face as if she commited a crime, a grown man dragging her off like shes not even a person let alone a woman ,
Karma for Despacito
A BUCKET BOMB? WTF!
Emma stone is gorgeous
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS EVEN A FEATURE OF THE WALKWAY? WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?
Bright side: NO SCHOOL!!!!!
I know that she truly did suffer and went through a lot while filming this movie so I praise her for her work and sacrifice for this film.
I live in miami. And thank god it wasnt that bad, yes a lot of destruction but it was going to be worse
Low iq 'murikkkans
The paradoxical belief that people are not wise or responsible enough to make indivdual choices with guns but are competent enough to make decisions for others regarding guns.
Look this is a feel good video but why do these tragedies have to be such a media frenzy?
vineet kumar
What did you expect from this senile douchebag?
FAKE NEWS
Everyone is flooding social media talking about what a great guy Hugh Hefner was ... uhhhh ... did I miss something?  He ruined countless marriages and young women's futures with his Satanic pornographic empire. \nHe was not a cool guy. He's everything a REAL MAN shouldn't want to be! \nGo ahead. Hate me. I don't give a flying flip. I just speak truth. - joshua feuerstein
Why is he still alive. I love to slice him up slowly. Max pain. Mother fucking pedophile.
This is as fake as it gets. CNN FAKE NEWS. Also Trump likes big water
I love the way he said he loved the music he sang all the way to the end
You call this news? In my country we call this an achievement
Efffffffffff thattttt!!!! Like who really likes to tempt death.....nnoooooooo
I forgot how cancer comments are when there is any mention of politics in a video. Chill out people!
Where was the destination of this flight?
Stevie's probably tore up over this
He talks so slow but still love him.
Another one
Stupid MALAKA!
Brilliant! Thank you, Dean Hansen, for standing up for the truth and expressing so eloquently what makes America great.
Be gracious to me, O God, be gracious to me, For my soul takes refuge in You; And in the shadow of Your wings I will take refuge Until destruction passes by.\n\nPsalm 57:1
Prayers for the families...\n\nThe Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! \nLook at all the signs! The Hurricanes, earthquakes, and all this chaos!\n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus! HE LOVES YOU! Please do not listen to the lies of the enemy, Jesus is not angry at you. He is waiting for you to call out to Him! He will come and save you from all your burdens and sins. He died so that you may live! \n\nSo please make Jesus your Lord and Savior it you haven't already. He will forgive you, He will redeem you, He will make you new! I have experienced it personally and thank Him for showing me. Hallelujah!\n\nJesus does not promise an easy life as a Christian, but the opposite. However He does promise a new home, a new life and a new world in the world to come! No more death and no more tears! Hallelujah!\n\nTomorrow is not promised to any of us, so please consider calling upon Him today in sincerity. You will not be disappointed. \n\nTo die without Jesus is dangerous. He is the Only Way to escape the judgement and to come back home with The Father!\n\nShalom, friends.
I feel bad for this weatherman, he has no idea he is getting roasted in the comments 
Funny what passes for news theses days.
JANE IS 
Amanpour: That's unbelievable! Always amazes me how out of touch and privileged most ofthese news reporters are. It's like they literally grew up on another planet and haven't been exposed to hardly anything everyone else has or even HEARD about other normal peoples' experiences in life. That's why so many people are turning off elitist corporate media.
And what about the witness who said there was a woman at the concert harassing people, trying to fight them, and telling them you're all going to die tonight??? Why isn't ANY major media covering this part of the story? Don't you think you might want to follow up on that little detail? Mainstream media is A JOKE.
Far-left journalists before Irma = Cuba has the best protocol to protect their citizens, they will have no casualties\nAfter Irma = . . . . . . . . . .
They forgot to ask him the most important question. Who in the right mind leaves Goldman Sachs for some talent agency?
so lets see.... 2 major earthquakes 2 hurricanes a wildfire southeast... meh, coincident. i will need more prove to put in mind this so call the final days. There is also that north korea mess... still need more proves
Ugh, ANOTHER Hurricane?!
It's amazing how fucking dumb he is. Total piece of shit for saying that.
So now I know how white people feel when unarmed black people get shot by the cops in the streets like deer season.I felt no remorse, I said Ha that's white folks business and switch the channel to fantasy football Go Chiefs
https://youtu.be/X40gN4PZsW0
I hear firecrackers
There's monkeys. Learn some English.  It's there are monkeys.
He should get another movie just to spite people.
Pppfffttt.
Looking to get a lawsuit of her own. Bitch! Get off the Plane.
Latinos are the laziest people in the world.
so I'm confused: I thought women want to be treated equally & given the same considerations as men, yet Brooke's saying that because she's a woman, somehow that means that Travis is supposed treat her differently? Like, he's supposed to anticipate that because she's a woman, she won't be able to handle his opinion? Which way is it folks: are women just like everybody else & shouldn't be given any special consideration, or should they be treated delicately & sensitively?
Franco can't help talking like Tommy
my pc cant be broadband speed but my moms can why? my pc cant pick up signal ez
3 hurricanes, North Korea,earthquakes in mexico 2 times,los angeles small earthquake,Puerto Rico destroyed by current earthquake and floods 
Does the First Amendment protect atheists anymore??
I'm glad all that tax evasion money is going to a good cause...
lit af
this is a not a good look for humans. Why do these people matter? So sad
thats not a hurrycane
What the fuck is going on over there at BBC haha
19 kids and counting
awesome, its a shame people don't see the awesome work nasa does
19:36 mins....TRUST...Do 'Trust-Me' Dear Mister PRIME MINISTER,...Trust My-Story~!AmeN
NO
they have not soul, they are barbaric and uncivilized.  they kill anyone.  they must be deported  and their families and friends.   they must leave our countries and stay away, far, far away.     merkels   ideas.   move with brexit, demand  immediately.  last time i was in england, i did not recognized it.   london is unsafe and  now plagued with terrorists.   do not travel to england.
What a LOSER!
This is a really underrated channel keep up the good work
Life is just vanity and chasing after wind. But to lie that he was not into it for the money is untrue. May his soul RIP.
We are in the last days! People better wake up! Read your Bible! The book of Revelation is fulfilling prophetic.! Jesus is coming!
wow, about time some good news in the world,
*krusty krab pizza*
So kids, the moral of this story is: Don't throw bottles at someone's car, & someone won't get pissed with you !
Her accent is so annoying...uggh!
Ugh. Another tiny small country cluttering Europe's map? NO! \nEnough already. Stop it.  Europe needs LESS countries. Not more.  NO MORE TINY COUNTRIES, EURO TRASH!
Time to Teach Corp America lesson BOYCOTT THE AIRLINES
Can anyone from these sick twisted comments politely explain to me how is this man an example or anyone's missed one? what is his legacy he left to YOU? HOW IN ANY WAY HE HAS SHOWED ANY GOOD THING TO THIS WORLD ?
People saying god is fake when i am here just waiting for the day to come In the bible it also says God gona give us test which mr Atheist/ people that dont belive probably never read or had hard times in life but those who overcome their fears will have a place guaranted and plz dont call me things i am just a kid also i had hard times where i doudet or hover you spell it but i douted about god but one day i hear storys from my family and read lines from the bibble and realised life is a test
Sarah looks like Suh a bitch, like she's been holding a fart and she's just bitter and angry about it
this is a very nice, quick and funny video
who tf is prince harry
Everybody hates country music

She's teaches Islamic studies and demanded them to remove the dog from the flight.
Due already you old fuck!
rump is full of shit
BBC is fake news
...looking the other way.. like gun control, Kellyanne?
It pays off to have the best lawyers and play the system. The rest of us would have rot in prison
Imagine you came from a country called by these people as communist and found that you enjoy a far more liberated market back in China.
HE IS TRYING TO FREAKING ABANDON PEURTO RICO, because HE CAN'T RECOVER IT. Wow!!
Honestly if Trump could be tame and consistent talk like this and actually act in this manner I wouldnt mind hes actually acting like a polished politician that knows what hes talking about.
Hansen STFU you racist white, most likely descendant from rich slave owners.  I'm a immigrant too.  You don't see me protesting at my work, do you?  It's like me doing Dicks out for Harambre. at your funeral.  It's not disrespecting the funeral.  Uh, right?  RIGHT?
What's the background song at around 3 min called?
For all fallen Auld Lang Syne\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4r74IIKbh8
Mug individual rights. When you dont recognize loyalty to a group outside yourself? Then youll easily fold. Its time to switch the paradigm again. They got this far playing the individual rights card, but lets be real here. The 2nd is about national security, and the citizenry providing for the common defense. Time to start organizing militias.
I love it! Go Fulop!!!
Most of the players are black  anyway -- go figure !
Atleast Apple is caring about the planet
OJ's not the only thing to get out. our first episode is out too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_ddwup8ICM&t=25s
I hate repetitive songs. They are obnoxious and stupid.
Well so what's the problem? Trump is really a racist, and have a lot of racist friends and supporter's. If you support him you may be a racist or a racist sympathizer.
They created the hurricane so they can push the NEW WORLD ORDER agenda, and destroy thousands of people houses so they wont have access to their homes and will be sent to the camps called FEMA CAMPS and they sound so familiar like they had in WW2 those camps are meant to kill as many people as they can! STAY WOKE GUY, dont be a sheep
Oh fuck that. It's cool and everything but you can't even pay me $1m to walk across the damn thing. My life is PRICELESS.
since when do serial killers get parole?...only in America!
*STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM YOU VIOLATED THE LAW. PAY THE COURT OF FINE OR SERVE YOUR SENTENCE, YOUR STOLEN GOODS ARE NOW FORFEIT.*
Meditate to speak slowly. He must have racing thoughts and his mouth just goes with it. He is intelligent. But listening to him speak gives me a headaches. Slow down.
It was literally and figuratively a labour of love ;-)
Please stop
Maybe he thought he was playing GTA V with the best graphics.
It's all about money .
This chick still looks like she's 16 lmao
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
This is what you get for going on xbox live while using kinect mics with your mom screaming and dog barking
Everyone is a liar but Trump......ok
This is Anila Daulatzai.\nShe is indeed a professor of Islamic and Women's Studies.\n\nAbout 30 minutes earlier she had gone on a mad rant trying to have two service dogs removed from the flight due to supposed allergies. When asked to give documentation or proof of this, she did not have any.\n\nI would like to point out that if her claims were true, she would have been careful when she booked her flight and that she would have had a reaction long ago in such tight quarters.\n\nNow, I think it's not unreasonable to assume that she wanted these dogs removed because muslims find dogs to be unclean animals.\n\nEither that or she did this to catch some free attention and potential hush money from the company.
Praise kek! #cnnisisis
She was a total pain in everyone's ass.
he sound he has accent.
I'd love to suck dry Matt Gutman's manhood .! 
Not many men were  so lucky to be surrounded  by so many beautiful  women . Hugh Hefner is one of them. RIP Hefner.
I mean ik it's not her fault but they always before the game to Watch out for flying bats or balls
Put the ad back up! It's great for either race!
hopefully they put the monuments back and stop all this hurricane sh!t
analyze Eminem's wordplay
I wouldn't have stopped the bus either. What if that freak had a gun?
These are sighns that god is on his way
I love this man...
It always goes back to the 50's 
Don`t make fun about mentally disabled people like Donald Trump. He needs help - impeach him.
         ..    
How will the MSM negatively spin this? They will find a way, bet on it. No mealy mouth empty political phrases here. Believes what he say's stands by what he say's, will do what he say's. What a speech.
Thanks Obama
Bout time someone tells the truth
Luke 21:11  There will be great earthquakes, and in various places famines and pestilences. And there will be terrors and great signs from heaven...
How about this for gun lovers; let them bear all the arms , but only the ones that were available at the time the 2nd amendment was written...cause Im pretty sure the authors of that amendment had no fucking clue as to damage modern weapons would be able to inflict .......I think thats fair no?? Let them own all those old guns as much as they want and we can even give them the guns up to 20 years after the 2nd was written ......
I was just thinking about this the other day.  You're spot on.
*Climate change is fucking up earth*
Wow that was powerful. I love the amazing grace song.
Am I the only one that sees flashes coming from a lower floor in that video?
THIS IS WHY I NO LONGER PARTICIPATE IN LARGE MASS GATHERINGS LIKE THIS CONCERT,  THEY WERE ALL SITTING TARGETS, LIFE AS WE KNOW IT WILL NEVER BE THE SAME, PEOPLE NEED TO WAKE UP AND REALIZE THAT WE CAN'T BE FREE WITHOUT CONSEQUENCES. MOST NIGHTS I STAY HOME, MOST CREEPS BECOME CRAZY HALF PAST 9PM.
DIRTY PEDOPHILE!!!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS CASE , RAPING 5YEARS OLD???????????????
This dyed-blonde skank must be deported to Saudi Arabia ASAP.
Espn is disgusting
FAKE NEWS\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n0:06 , the Great Lakes are not frozen when all of Canada isnt.
Poor microphone
1963. 3. BRIAN. RAPP.  BLONDE.  JENNY. MAXWELLS.   ELLIE.  BLUE. HAWAII.  SON.  WE. HAD.  BDAY. S.   THE. LUAU.  BH. CA.    BAMBOO. BAR.  USC. QB. DAD.   PAUL. RAPP.  USED.  ME.   AS.  BAIT.  AND.  HARVEY. JACOBSON.  USED. ME. AS. BAIT.   WITH. THE. JFK.   PLAYBOY.   BLONDES.   #1. 1963. MISS.   APRIL.   DADS. GIRLFRIEND.  JILL. KELLY.  RULES.  THE. LUAU.  AND. BH. PD.   #1.  LUTENET. LYNN.  FRANKLIN.  AND. LUIE.  AND. ALFRED.   1963.  1966.  PAUL. RAPP.  DIRECTS.   ME. THE. WILD. ANGELS.  ON. MY. SKWIKY. TRIK.  HERO. PETER. FONDA.  SMOKEING. A. JOINT.  canyonlocalfilmscom.  
Lol what a bunch of scrubs if that was white house that nerd woulda lost his teeth 10 feet in lol
THIS IS KARMA FOR SAYING WE ARE NOT PAYING FOR 'THE WALL' ....YOU WILL PAY FOR THE WALL. GOD WILLING.
Seriously   who the hell would watch  these morons
Communism on parade. This is America with no borders and Globalism like Hillary and Soros are pushing on us.  Wake up.
These Witnesses are all trying to get out the Script in their head that they learnt through their mouth
Just another gun grabbing plot to take our ability to protect ourselves. Nothing different from any of the other false flags.
Do people actually take this seriously? It takes minimal thought for this video to fall apart
This is truly wonderful. I could listen to them all evening. Wonderful!! Credit to the director and musician also. Wishing you'll well!!!
HILARY & CLINTON FOUNDATION, WHERE IS THE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS THAT YOU STOLE THAT WERE DONATED TO THE HAITIAN PEOPLE FOR REBUILDING AND REDEVELOPMENT AFTER THE 2010 EARTHQUAKE ??? Those poor people are still living in tents and living in squalor.
trying to spin this to make her out to be the victim & security the bad guys. that'ds why your fake news
I GREW UP listening to ICP.....and I have 2 college degrees, One is in Criminal Justice! I'm not a die-hard fan, nor do I consider myself a Juggalo....hell many of their songs Suck in my opinion, but they also got some AWESOME songs in there. The brilliant satire mixed with dark lyrics is a Good combination.....and people connect with it, myself included.
I am here to abduct the individual that gave this a thumbs down. 
Fat people hate that bridge
What's it like to have horrible taste in men..
He finally home
NEW WORLD ORDER
Terrible
lmfao who designed these cars i legit thought those were rudders at first

5 hurricanes: Harvey, Irma, Jose, Katia and Maria; a bunch of earthquakes: 1 in LA, 2 in Central Mexico (plus a warning of possible earthquake in Baja California)\n\nAll this in ONE MONTH! WHAT IS THIS!?
Vice has the most unique segments\nSeriously interesting stuff
The mom tempted the baby then looked away straight when the baby ate it
I love a strong character who doesn't back down, especially since he's 100% right.
I like how he pulled away lol
Stay strong Mexico. God bless
They still have to pay for our wall........
Trump you are to blame for this shooting. Keep up with your hate, bigotry and division and we will have another shooting like this or even worse.
TRASH
The only way to stop these shootings from happening again is common sense gun control.
Does anybody else here hate the BBC?
This has always drove me nuts as a farmer competing with these vendors.  Real farmers will usually display their growers licence number somewhere on our signs.  I know exactly where all our produce is grown, and we sell right out of the barn.  If your farmer can't give you their farms address to buy more from when you don't want to go to the market then they're not farmers.
BOOO you sale out !
Tsar Bomba was a one time device and completely impractical for air delivery. Standard Russian Merv type devices would be in the 30-40 MT range. Lot misleading.
Trailer park videos! Really? That's normal.
Make your houses out of stone you will feel like nothing ever happened
Mfers runnin a train on us
Way to good statement I know philipinos don't talk the way that lawyer talked
He Used women and in the end women used him....Karma.
But y'all kill nonhuman animals everyday 
Wow. Omg. So good. Makes you tear up
trump. GET OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!NOW! WE HAD ENOUGH WITH REPULSIVE BLABBER.
No deaths..no morgue anywhere with  ppl from vegas..videos of person saying ,it's FAKE and  standing up to suppose gunfire shots..concert ppl didn't know if real or not but crisis  actors did along with their PR.firm who by the way only operates on their clients wishes..hence government  and then MEDIA sources..all A hoax. On the American mind.
This fagget loved this.. he loved all this media attention.. and his rich driving a Chevy??? 
So it happens yet again.\n\nMunich.\n\nSuez.\n\nNow Florence.\n\nA gutless British Prime  Minister sells the pass to a bunch of jeering and syphilitic \n\nwogs.\n\nNOT a pretty site , and the Civil War accordingly moves closer.
Trump is in trouble, he has to donate 2 million dollars now. He's going to be broke
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
Kendricks yeah right feature saves the song
Thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of Mexico. \n\n#dontforgetaboutme
And then,his cellphone rang.....and his ringtone\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*WAS A DOORBELL*
Wasn't that bad, with a good save.
Well so what's the problem? Trump is really a racist, and have a lot of racist friends and supporter's. If you support him you may be a racist or a racist sympathizer.
Trump is a idiot savant when it comes to picking people with no character or ethics to lie for him.
To think she does not know anything is wrong. There must of been clues, and she choose to do nothing.
Why is there even a thumbs down button on the comments? Somebody... please explain???
This life ain't a movie, you ain't getting a sequel\nThis world is so beautiful, I'm just sick of the people\nOur flag says United, but nobody is equal\nIf people didn't kill each other, things would be simple!\nLooking up to God like, Give me the strength\nSurrounded by evil, but it ain't breaking my faith\nTalking to too many people to find the feeling you gave\nYou can find someone new, but nothing is ever the same\nLooking at the mirror like, You're not to blame\nLying to myself as if I'm not in the rain\nCause look, even if you're feeling numb, you'll feel all the pain\nAnd every nights just the same.
Exactly. Everyone needs to stand tall and remain loud!
my thoughts with you  guys my heart is with you  guys  god is with you always America just had Harvey  and  Harvey hit hard on some part of  Texas and  most all of Florida than   Maria hit  Puerto Rico and Caribbean she hit hard i felt so sad  haven't forget  about it   I know most people  move  on but I haven't  can't forget something like this never stay Safe  guys
His ticket was provided by United. And From Megyn Kelly. I ain't taking them tickets, I don't trust it haha
Yay anti-American liberal elites talk down to and shit on the working class half of the country.
Very sad
The building that collapsed you can tell that was a demolition video fake news haha
Geoingineering /HAARP
now if they could just keep asians from driving....
there not USA to give a dam 4 there part off the world ben a rotting pool sens spain got it, and never shaken that off.
Something kinda fishy here
Triggered snowflakes everywhere. Why don't y'all pray for Hill to stop?
*TRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEED*\n\nI love how he doesn't cuck afterwards by the way. Godspeed, you based motherfucker.
Stephen Paddock is my hero. All the right people died
Keep safe my friends....
And what about the witness who said there was a woman at the concert harassing people, trying to fight them, and telling them you're all going to die tonight??? Why isn't ANY major media covering this part of the story? Don't you think you might want to follow up on that little detail? Mainstream media is A JOKE.
Casino flooding 
Why did this country allow that traitorous bitch back into this country? Hanoi Jane should be rotting in a Vietnamese jungle
Regardless of politics Jamele Hill is a race baiter and ruins ESPN
Beautiful!! Blessings to you all! You have infused my heart with grace and encouragement. Yes - you WILL rise up - from every obstacle you ever may encounter. You are gifted and beloved children of God. THANK YOU for sharing your beautiful hearts and voices with the world!
Totally deserved it!
Haha so much hate and hypocrisy here
This man got away with objectifying women because he's a peace of shit Democrat! It's ok for him to literally grab ladies by the pussy. Fuck you Liberals! I hope your boy died a slow painful death. The feminist are so sad it's funny how feminist love this man that objectified women
I can't help but wonder where you spend your eternity and did anyone tell you the sinners prayer in your old age or did they just like you for your money
I find all of this hipocracy very amusing.
Y do people think it's racist smh
Hey should be plenty of work now go the fuck home
14:14 The day you went to Publix was the most important day of your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
He was annoyed bc country is trash
HURRICANES , EARTHQUAKES  GOD IS ANGRY AT US HUMANS .. WE HUMANS ARE NO GOOD AT ALL
I love this 
What the fuck are you trying to convey.
#31 on trending with 5000 views and 153 thumbs up... what the fuck
They over here hollering amazing while I'm just beatboxing nope, nope, nope, nope.
So cute but I would never let my kids do something like that. Very disrespectful, it will allow the daughter to think it is perfectly normal to behave like this in public
WHY ARE THEY YELLING AT EACH OTHER??????
yeah ok, songs need repetition, but thats basically all pop music is these days. Just admit that the majority of artists these days aren't that musically knowledgable.
why do these videos always have music i never heard of that they think is popular? where is vox that this is popular? also i would say just like fire by pink would be better for the last. that song seems like 3 songs in one or something.
Worst 10 seconds ever.
Look out Vegas
ANTI TRUMP PROPAGANDA ALERT !!!
 this is so stupid if you watched the whole speech you would know what we was talking about
Talking points & policy papers is not what is required. \n\nWhat is required is foodfight\n cause what Trump is doing is not enough. LOL idk this Joe Scaboro
Keep your head up
So it's not a terrorist attack omg, is it because he's white, 'lone gunman they  probably gonna say mental illness smdh
Was that Jackie Chan after shooting the Foreigner
... I don't want to give a plot line away but ...  and then interviewer goes ahead and reveals a pretty significant plot line!  wtf savannah?

 YouTube messed this one up for trending
It's stupid and typical of the media to start the whole race card just because there black NFL players. It has nothing to do with race, the players should stand up for the national anthems. You don't see footballers on international duty sitting or kneeling down, you stand with a sign of respect, so I agree with Trump. I'm honest enough though, and I think he was a little naughty for using such language. Your meant to be leading by example being the most powerful man on the planet, so don't use such language like that.
Surprise, ANOTHER MUSLIM
Liberalism KILLS.\n\nFind a cure!
So sick what this show would air just to prove a point about our President, do u still feel the same way after Kelly speech, our President made the most difficult call any President or person could could ever make, and tried to get his point across the best way he could on a most difficult call, and for the congresswoman to listen on a very private call is sick and what makes it more sick is how low she went to discredit our President, shame on you view and all you stand for, may God bless the veteran, our country and our flag because it getting sick what u leftist will go to discredit our President
Trump is definitely dividing us.. no doubt.
nasty.words!
He did all this to get back at his wife nice
The music is obviously playing asteroids with those patterns
Cavuto seems to be on the whiners side.  Russians hold gun to his head
If he was the one shooting, where is the video/image evidence? Where's all the CCTV footage that shows him carrying all those guns up to his room and setting them up? I'll tell you where it is, it's gone. All wiped away and nobody will ever know.\n\nYou know why? Because he was just a patsy. A scapegoat. He either didn't do it and it was somebody else who had connections to the hotel (hence there being no footage) or he was with somebody else but was betrayed. \n\nEither way, he wasn't working alone and until I see CCTV evidence that he was in that room shooting or carrying bags up there, then I refuse to believe he did anything at all.\n\nDead men don't tend to talk very much.
You Americans need to rethink this gun shit.
Trump hates mexico - they're probably not getting much help from us
She's ashamed that she got caught protecting a fellow liberal socialist regressive. If Weinstein had been a conservative she would have been screaming about it.
Go home CNN youre drunk 
fuckin white trash yall scared so yall do rallys lol
Like my dad always told me. Quickest way to get a mans attention is through his wallet. NFL players need to be punished through their wallet. Dont buy tickets, they dont sell merchandise, they aint making no revenue.
So it's coming back to Florida
If this was hockey the show would of stopped for a fight !  Inmates racing  cars is always gonna b a taze fest when shit goes down.
You forgot to mention that Harper Lee was the personal secretary of Truman Capote of _Cold Blood_ fame.
These guys sell all their shares prior to making their WE BEEN HACKED announcement and yet no charges for fraud? This infuriates me.
Die demon!!!
To all the idiots claiming he's a Muslim, take a look at the man who was just charged for the shooting.
I wonder how hes gona get money or work lol
Ok so I was there visiting and I was at the Lincoln memorial and I saw this one guy and his sign said most of you can't even juggle 
Everyone wants a piece of the sjw pie
Theresa May AKA 'the body snatcher' interrupted by bloke with 'do not donate form'. . .
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! He got his info from a Facebook meme. What a moron.
It was a Category 1 storm. Ive sat through worse in my trailer.
She inspires me, I hope I become someone who is even just a little bit like her. I wish my parents bias hadn't clouded my judgment until after her husbands presidency was over.
He knows alot for somebody who supposedly knows nothing
Trump shut the f'c up.
I just can *not* wait to dive in to all the delightful comments! Yay, I get to learn 42 new cuss words! Oh! Is that hate on Muslims? Terrific!
TONE POLICING FROM RINOS. FOX NEWS ARE JUST WATERED DOWN DEMOCRATS
There were highlights??? Just a bunch of snooty, rich, racist, America hating pricks. If those are highlights, you have low standards.
Yeah! Let's unite and stand for the national anthem and our great country!
That sounds like an insensitive thing to say.
I'm now to YouTube.\nBurberry give away on my channel. \n#Subscribe
Who what an informative Great video
mad max
OK that's just a sick joke imo. Could literally give someone a heart attack. They have went way too far.
Not one word about the victims
Off with her head!
K
the reason they hype this up is so the people in Florida would take it serious and evacuate if needed. Better safe than sorry
Were they related? I bet they were related. Or they they share the same cousin.........If you know what I mean!
This is the same douche who wasn't paying his child support for months. Get lost jag. Your words are vapor son. Fake as f>@$!
Without Steve Jobs, what are they going to do when Apple collapse like Yahoo?  Turn it over to the NSA?
Yo fuck you guys the NFL started making it political and trump called their disrespectful asses out. Dont say trump opened it up or started it. Clearly they did before he was president.
I love how all these people are whining about elitist rich people giving and getting awards, but then they follow it up by proudly announcing their support of a c-list celebrity billionaire con man who might be one of the dumbest people to ever be in politics period. hilarious....and revealing. at least they make me feel smart AND we finally have a president to represent the retarded demographic.
My President is the best. A true American!\nTrump/Pence in 2020.\n\nHit the road Corker!
Sha also posed for pictures in an antiaircraft weapon aimed at american pilots in Vietnam
I think there was more than one shooter. Always will
Wow 359 likes 747 dislikes. The people have spoken the stock stays.
God bless those poor people. The good lord would have deflected those bullets if they weren't sinners
no matter how many women and how much money he had, he finally died.
:-)
Will the Autograph Guy Cooper caused this earthquake.
I have never heard trashier lyrics ever in my life than those sample songs\n\nFinally, a mentioned motive other than George Soros for Antifa. I've always thought the more likely reason was them acting on their own freewill. Maybe I'm seeking confirmation bias
Comments on videos like this remind how stupid so many people are
Theres no need for a long investigation, a crazy guy rented a hotel room and started shooting at a crowd of people watching a concert. He lived in Nevada, had a girlfriend, loved to gamble. He was crazy! Theres nothing to investigate.
What a time to live in.
I just love when the orchestra starts playing one note at the beginning of the show for them to tune their instruments. I sometimes wish they can just keep doing it the entire show, I would be completely happy with it.
When will everyone just accept global warming is real?
Beautiful.  Your singing really touched my heart and brought me to tears.
Hurricane maria is nowhere near as close to Katrina. San Juan mayor is a fucking piece of shit for saying that. We need to give back this land to these spics so we can go off and worry about areselfs we just had 59 of are citizens brutally murdered and this piece of shit mayor has the balls to say she and her people are more important .. Hope she takes a bullet to the head
Now that is a great man! The strong President that not sway by any liberal wind, he stood firm in his nationalist believe and that is the great value that a true president could have. Trump 2020.
does that include biohazards too?
Jane, have a stroke you cunt. You allowed a woman to be raped by this degenerate. You have this 'male entitlement' on your hands you filthy bitch.
Praying is dumb.
feels fake.
Okay hold up, she is deathly allergic to animals but doesn't have the paperwork to prove it? Why wouldn't you have any proof on you, you are traveling, any person who is that severely allergic should have some sort of counter acting medicine or card (and more than 90% of the time does) , sigh, people make no sense.
Very helpful
There are adds on this bitch too
Truth hurts ,but liberals can spin it any other way..
Thank god
Hilarious coming from a draft dodger. Alabama is as racist today as they were in the 60's. George Wallace, Jeff Sessions just a few of the scumballs this State has brought us.
It's simple, to Republicans money and tax breaks are more valuable than hard working American lives.
what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
I love those 2 guys I wish I knew who they were because I would buy them and their families dinner!
Did anyone else read guman centipede?
Bill dumas
LOL! Hanoi Jane did not know what has been going on in Hollywood. Right?
Legend
What is a unified govt.? Facism?
CNN= Fake News Fact
Muslims must be so happy .
Inb4 racist comments...
FAKE NEWS 
beat up Catalonia elderly and children with batons  , Spanish way.
I got sum ideas for the series: JFK, El Che, Gandhi, Reagan, the Catholic church, etc
Who can forget the classics likeWA$H YO A$$ and FUCK YOU HO'S!?!
The guy sounds a lot like Nerdwriter
Not to be rude but I think they believe that people actually care about their little group.\nLike chill out. No one cares what you listen to.
Crazy part is thats no troll. Thats actually Sam Walton founder of Walmart reinvigorated and given a new body to live out immortality.
Al jazeera is ISIS propaganda
scripted..
my pc cant be broadband speed but my moms can why? my pc cant pick up signal ez
Alex Jones was right. What now bitches?
i dont care what race you are as long as your a human and one of the TWO genders
That sounds like an insensitive thing to say.
So the rapping is trash but the beats are fire what else is new
      -  ,      .\n     100% .\n - ,      
if i remember correctly there was a black samurai that worked for oda nobunaga and people from all around japan would go to see him to the point where some people got trampled to death, i think some servants of nobunaga when they first met tried to see if they could wash the black off of him, probably need some fact checking on that but im pretty sure those are things that happend
nasty ass black monkey bastards did it to them selves.
He wanted to be on the fbi most wanted list, like dad  who betrayed him and his family bank robbing
Listening to his songs when I was a kid, I wont stop free fallin  #RIPTomPetty
I have 60 mbs so I'm chillin
It really is cute that you regressives actually believe you will win the civil war you have started. We are going to crush you and make you tremble at our feet begging for mercy. There will be no mercy or quarter given. The time of the regressive liberal is over, the time of White Nationalism is here. While you regressive degenerates have been busy giving each other reach arounds we have been busy training and preparing for the war. Now that you have started it there is no turning back. You will feel the might of the White Giant and you have no one but yourselves to blame for your total and utter destruction!
White people are dumb all of white people need to go back to their Homeland America was stolen and they're proud of it killing 70 million Native Americans 100 million blacks and they're proud of it
Just shows the stupidity of modern day humans. Yeah lets go up and stare through the window at the flaming improvised explosive.
Not his fault. Camera didn't show him at first. What the hell were the producers doing in the control room?? Probably were looking at him and laughing.
Seem to be two kinds of people here, those remember him having a monocle and people tha think it is some sort of conspiracy! It is not an effect, you just never played the game!
 
THATS NOTHING, DENIED!
I love this prez. Always saying what other people r thinking
Congratulations for the new amazing emerging talents. Super wow!
if she has a deadly allergy, then why isnt she dead yet?
I thought this video was gonna be about how American gothism became famous
I'm glad you highlighted Florida. I'm terrible at geography.
Today two of chickens were attack by a coyote\n\nI would like to say I loved them \n\nThis had to happen right when they were starting to lay eggs
I dont want the hate mail so....yayyy for them
Oh stop the bullshit and get some fucking work done you bunch of pieces of shit
I remember watching this and Seth receiving some backlash online by people who didn't get the joke. They thought it was awkward and uncalled for but with new light being shed on Weinstein's assault charges, I'm sure some of those same people are jumping on their high horses now like Oh, I knew all along!!!! Smh.
hey trump there you have your own terrorists and they don't come from another country s
4:49 you can use , and . to skip between frames. He is in shorts and crocs I think, what the fuck?
You're not hurting the NFL one bit by burning tix that you already paid for. And I guarantee once all this hype is over....this guy will buy season tickets again next year
FOX NEWS IS FAKE NEWS
I live in Houston not in Florida they got prepared and we didn't we went through a whole bunch of shit Florida not really  y'all just saw what went down in Houston and got y'all asses prepared before HIT  y'all we some some somesoldiers WE STILL STANDING STRONG!!!
Thanks for diligence youve maintained in all your videos, its been a treat to watch.
Cause it proves the effectiveness
Pounded by wind! (   )
Overhyped
Why they are crying ?
Who wants to sneak in and assassinate the sick fucks that run this place?
Then is the Mona Lisa overrated Cuz it's basically a women smiling
Woo! Progress! 
Kim's voice is annoying 
I bought a machine gun over the counter for like $20 yesterday. Clerk was too busy to do the paperwork, and was like, meh, you're white, go ahead. Thank God for muh white privilege.
Never read it but it seems like a book made for English class
You people obviously don't want to hear it, but what he is saying is true.
Praying for Mexico.
Lmao that was fucking pointless. But fuck it his money is his money so let him burn it I guess. Lol btw to all the vets and family of veteran them kneeling is not an insult to you I don't see how any of you can link the two. They are peacefully Protesting it's there  right. You call NFL players, owners and coaches son of bitches but where is all that passion when someone burns the flag? It's still legal for someone to take the flag and burn it but this guy and other wanna get upset over bull shit fuck outta here
I've watched this numerous times...I can't get enough of his spoken truth! You nailed it Dale!
This needs music
Isn't mexico, like, Built on water
kim awful upper over injected lips and weird trying to look black nose
The following organizations are opposed to the Graham-Cassidy Bill:\n\nAARP\nALS Association\nAmerican Academy of Family Physicians\nAmerican Academy of Pediatrics\nAmerican Cancer Society \nAmerican College of Physicians\nAmerican Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists\nAmerican Diabetes Association\nAmerican Health Care\nAssociation/National Center for Assisted Living\nAmerican Heart Association\nAmerican Hospital Association\nAmerican Lung Association\nAmerican Medical Association\nAmerican Osteopathic Association\nAmerican Psychiatric Association\nAmericas Essential Hospitals\nAmericas Health Insurance Plans\nArthritis Foundation\nAssociation of American Medical Colleges\nBlue Cross Blue Shield Association\nCancer Action Network\nCatholic Health Association of the United States\nChildrens Hospital Association\nConsumers Union\nCystic Fibrosis Foundation\nFamily Voices\nFederation of American Hospitals\nJDRF\nLutheran Services in America\nMarch of Dimes\nNational Council for Behavioral Health\nNational Health Council\nNational Multiple Sclerosis Society\nNational Organization for Rare Diseases\nThe Arc\nVolunteers of America\nWomen Heart\n\nWhy aren't you listening to them, Senator Flake?
...AND NOT TO SPEAK OF SHITPOUR WHO SLEPT AROUND AND DATED IN A WORN TORN, GENOCIDE STRICKEN CROATIA AND BOSNIA ...AND IN THE END BRAGGED HOW A WAR BROUGHT HER PERSONAL HAPPINESS WITH ALBRIGHTS SCOUT RUBIN. HERE COME TWO MORAL UGLY WOMEN WHO DARE TO SPEAK OF THE PRESIDENT AND A FRENCH DIRECTOR. WHAT AMAZING PSYCHITRY CASES IN THE MAKING......JUST STAY OUT OF EOUROPE AND STAY IN YOUR LEFTIST DEGENERIC DYSNEYWORLD UNTIL PRESIDENT TRUMP MAKES THING BEARABLE FOR THE REST OF USA MORAL CITIZENS !!!!!!!!!
Instead of doing interviews with Left Wing journalists from NBC or MSNBC, Ryan should get to work and do something for the Republican agenda.
 Hillary Clinton Speeks ..... Ugh....she's speaking again? Ok I admit it, she sure is strong woman, she wants to get right back out there and play the victim again!
How many young men would look at his magazine and have unrealistic expectations for a woman especially after child birth. The world is a better place with him dead
what was the point of this video
Somone give that man a promotion and a raise!
I live in Eldon, the museum they put next to the house is pretty nice
What makes me laugh is all the comments like will have to get black cabs now who rip everybody off etc, none of the people making these comments have ever used black cabs before uber and wont after uber is gone so give it a rest, have you never heard of a minicab office? uber have only been in london a few years what do you think Londoners was doing before uber? minicab offices and black cabs were coexisting peacefully before uber arrived in it will just go back to that, another thing about 40,000 uber drivers face unemployment no they dont they will simply return back to the minicab offices and work from there. Believe it or not black cabs are actually fairly priced you would know this if you ever used them. Iv used both black cabs and minicabs and i support both, the only difference is a black cab driver is a fully qualified taxi driver and knows exactly were there going and the quickest way to get you there i got quoted 15 to go to my local hospital by a minicab firm and a black cab got me there for 14 at 3 in the morning. Theres many apps out there that you can download such as gett fixed taxi fares and alot more. P.S its not the end of the world.
Was that Lee Nelson?
Who's RH-?
...because people think arms will be taken away by the government after a mass shooting
From Iraq praying for you
OMG NOT THE PROFESSOR ! lol
Fascist! We would've been better off without you
This comment sections has the most autistic comments
Wow, so this woman who can't keep her fucking cool when asked simple questions is a congresswoman? What blathering dipshits actually wanted her to have power? ... oh, Florida, never mind, makes perfect sense.
He's the real fifty shades of grey
The female version of Patrick Ewing...
nigger go home. I buy u tickets.
This restores my heart
Is the same happening to all cities in the UK?
I would like you to start working with the President on all issues, no more blocking the President, I have never seen a less Republican Congress. God Bless you but, we need better from you, We need republicans working together now.
Welcome back Steve Scalise!
The next hurricane is finna be named Oscar or some stupid I'm calling it rn on October 11
Weirdest Vox video ever?
Vox is fake news. No, I take that back. *Vox is very fake news.*
The best memes.
I don't care. It's hilarious.
heez a purve
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Y'all SAVED my life!...dark days of dispear looking 4 some inspiration AND I stumbled across this! Just 2 think y'all sweet little babies encompass such angelic voices is the epitome of God's grace... Can't say enough except, bless ur HEARTS...
Terrorist this time a white one.\nOnly polcible in America...
God created the heavens and earth for Islam - to see who will believe , do good deeds and earn his mercy to get paradise and eternal life . If you are completely ignorant of Islam , that might save you from the hellfire although he still expects kindness from all,  whenever possible.
He interviewed this same guy twice?
Love the videos like this you guys are doing -- keep it up.
It was a black dude
these birds behave like human\nhttps://youtu.be/zBDTUdqJK6Q
They only time a right wing just not liberal video trends is when it's negative towards Trump interesting
Good bye dirty Old man
Pfffffff! that's just a regular Tuesday in south Texas.
Lmfao
Hahaha everyone talk about Muslims  lool
what a clever girl
Hello everyone from 2017 I'm from 2036 and that park is now abandoned and apple is now dead because no one uses it anymore. We use pineapple. It's a lot cheaper but a lot crappier.
Yeah. We missed it on purpose.
Is this the bomb that injured 20 people?
Franco's legs are wide open AF everyone else looks awkward.
I wonder why they chose to digitally color some buildings bright colors. That's not really what a city should look like, you don't really paint skyscrapers
HAHAHA
Kim Jin in is involved in these shootings, wait and see!
I remember when i visited Gibraltar one of the monkeys sat on the back of one of my friends and started pulling on her hair and she started freaking out and i was like just chill out maybe you should stop trying get selfies with him and just take a photo of him .
Funny that the clinton questions will have elaborate answers and things like his tax returns are a no-go
Im a Mexican of Spanish descent. I DONT want Catalonia to become independent.
#prayformexico e soy hispano
Aaaaaawww man! I wants to go deep insiiiiiidddee!
The weapon he used was a fully automatic gun. All fully automatic guns are illegal throughout the US. It is ridiculously hard to obtain fully automatic weapons even if you are in law enforcement. These weapons are even hard to get  on the black market, as all fully automatic weapons are tracked. The only  law enforcement to use fully automatic weapons are SWAT teams. All the other mass shootings used semi automatic guns. He likely modified a semi  automatic gun into a full auto gun.
I have many videos of Chinese dogs.
The juice is loose !!!!
I emailed Tucker a couple weeks ago and asked if he could get Candace an interview on Fox. So if you're out there, Tucker, Thank You!
2.2 Mbps.One day it hopefully will be fixed.
it can be done very easily, stock up on food and then stop working for a couple of months, that will make the spanish economy implode.
The NRA aren't stupid. They see the motive clearly to undermine 2nd amendment, with repeal ultimate objective. They can read the tea leaves.\nThe what will it take event will always be just a hair's breadth away... (FWIW if this was to catalyze constitutional change, the assailant would be akin to dropping the A bomb on Hiroshima. Brutal, yet effective in ending the conflict.) Just saying.
lmao this video is just stupid and self-defeating. yes, if i see certified that's enough to tell me if i watch it or not. it's not like most ppl actually care about the number. the video makes this point but next time say that up front
Paddock was selling guns to isis he was fbi they were supposed to catch the buyers then do the massacre to blame it on them
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! Jesus loves you! \n\nRepent of your sins and put your faith in Him. Jesus is not angry at you, so please do not listen to the lies of the enemy. Jesus died so that you may live! Because He Loves you! \n\nI pray you make Jesus your Lord and Savior, if you haven't already. Jesus will forgive you, in fact He promises to never drive anyone away when they come to Him. So please do so today, because tomorrow is not promised to any of us. To die without Jesus is very dangerous. \n\nShalom, friends!

Kim Jin in is involved in these shootings, wait and see!
Go TRUMP
Ask questions. Dont accept what youre told as truth without examination.
Good job republicans you are definitely a large and out of control government....literally the same as democrats.....conservatives need to wake up to the mainstream republican agenda and bite the bullet and start supporting the libertarian party that will reduce the impact of the federal government on all of our lives!! Reduce the Feds before its to late!!
Tech firm at top, lots of money, small people at bottom looking for scraps.
I swear in this thumbnail I can see a fetus.
This comment section is fucking cancer
Lol what a joke
Fuck off OJ.
This is probably my fav Vice video ever.
E
Has anyone read homestuck, because there are some REEEAAAL clear parallels going on!
No there's video showing it came from the then the floor too.
Its not uniq, tell who are the other ones, jane.
What is that Some Like It Hot book on the table? is that new?
Finally a real President after Obama.
Meghan McCain got that shut up put on her real quick period. She assumed that the congresswoman was only there because of publicity... Not realizing that a lot of these black local Congress people actually know some of the people in the community it's not the same as it is 4 Trump... It's not about publicity it's about this young man be put in a situation that was doomed to fail.
After watching crazy things going on Mother Earth makes me feel like we r in end of time.
Trump supporters in the comments How can someone ridicule a person who just been through something like this?! while Trump constantly attacks McCain over and over again who just found out his brain cancer is most likely going to kill him. \n\nI am glad Mr. Scalise is back, but Trump supporters are hypocrites to the end.
Earthquake? I thought it was my mixtape.
What was the church up to that merited a sooting?
MY GOD, I LIKE EARWORM SO MUUCCCHHHH. GIVE HER MORE MONEY TO DO HER JOB VOX, IT'S WORTH ALL THE EFFORT!!!
Useless cow
Great video!, if anyone knows more documentaries about office desing, please share with me!
https://youtubem.video/r/?TTumK86qaUjn00DroETvH3IgKJUBtKBpGZ2=7aJ8UUK761NJiJiRoSabEUDbGsqzrI
https://youtu.be/u6fphmGyWhg Check this out^^^
Imagine taking the wrong dog home 
right wing retards crying on Leftist technology
nihuya ne ponyatno
Well I thought it was common sense that if you go to the middle of nowhere you ain't going to get good internet, common sense
Omg that was upsetting to watch
Damage to the train carriage?
0:20 \nanyone triggered by her door closing sound effect ._.
PID VIEWS
Why the fuck is this on trending?
The crazy thing is that he didn't study Japanese before getting a job there, yet his fluency is so good.
Good video, but I thought the tone was a little disrespectful to the people who went through this terrifying threat.
Are so the Arabia mad?a woman crashed into me before and then teabag me dead god the smell. 
Can we just go back to original YouTube for newbie creators instead of me having to see these videos from companies that have their own f**king websites...
Uhh... Common sense on fox... This is a helluva dream
The host told Sterling K. Brown he saw his movie Marshall, but the movie hasn't even come out yet 
HOLA SOY YOUTUBER ECUATORIANO APOYENME  https://youtu.be/NZmXFwt3mN8
Pfff wtf this is nothing
Anyone notice the world has been falling apart for the past couple of months?
Matthew 24:6-14King James Version (KJV)\n\n6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.\n\n7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.\n\n8 All these are the beginning of sorrows.\n\n9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake.\n\n10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.\n\n11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.\n\n12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.\n\n13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.\n\n14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.
the trolls are certainly\nout on these Las Vegas videos. Ah humanity at its worst and best all in one video.
This is not racist.  I am a black woman who didn't find the hidden racisim in ths.
Yea whippie dingle berries the killer is out of jail BIG DEAL . Who cares
And of course no mention of how deeply he is a funding member of the Democratic Party.  He gave parties and was adored by Democrats.  His crimes are despicable, but mention of his political persuasion that was apparently overlooked by liberals.  Sick!   I guess its only bad if you are not a Democrat. \n\nHow biased can you be.  Even Michelle Obama praised him to the fullest.
0:20 \nanyone triggered by her door closing sound effect ._.
oh my god it's so crazy!!! dios protejenos  de estos tornados .
It takes 53 dead and 500 injured for NRA to support agun legislation.. maybe we needa million more American dead, so theNRA will support gun control legislation..
Fun fact: You're actually at an advantage close quarters, door to door with small arms.
fuck the juggalos. you cocksuckers makes me fucking sick with your damn facepaint and your shitty music. i hate this shit and hope you all die. fuck u and fuck that retard childsplayninja who supports this wack ass group of idiots.
Jennifer admits she doesn't like interacting with her fans. She thinks the flood victims got what they deserved, because they voted for Trump. Give away the plot so I don't have to watch movie.
Kim just doesn't let anyone else speak.
Don't look at the comment section cancer lies below.
London is lost
Hurricane Irma Makes Landfall in Florida Keys as Powerful Category:\nit's really major concern of some countries.\ni have some video: https://goo.gl/Gg7HNh
I see another civil war
Btw I'm dominican and i'm black. \n\n\nam i being racist with myself?
Way to embarrass your country as you play a game overseas.  How does it feel to be away from your family a few days?  Now imagine what it's like for our service men and women.  You are fools....
as a woman \n\nSpare me lol...it's a fuckin joke you're fine.  We all know you have boobs.
That right Trump!
l want someone to look at me the way james franco looks at tommy wiseau
This is only the beginning of Ireland's justly-deserved punishment for forfeiting Nature in abandoning its native language.
I'm sorry but Sarah's voice and facial expressions are making me want to cut my ears off. Can Trump give Sean Spicer his job back?
Oooh Emma, what were u thinking?
Must be his first day on the job
tf
Great points were made well done boys
Juice is loose
Trump only cares about Russia, Guam (North Korea missiles hit Trump's resort properties?) & the Mexican border. Puerto Rico voted for statehood, but the commonwealth government has a huge debt. Yes, Puerto Ricans lived in the mainland for a century, esp. peaking at 800,000 in New York City in 1970 after a previous migration wave. And not just hurricane Maria, they had Irma but it's eye didn't land on the island. Let's pray for Puerto Rico to get back on their feet. +
This cake don't bake. Listen to the gunfire and the rate of fire. Sounds like a belt fed M240 not any of the guns he had with a bump stop.
Looks like a trailer park in texas after a small tornado.
I watch NFL games. Trump ought to leave the NFL alone. It seems like he has grudge against it because the USFL failed.
I don't think they should be called a gang but it should be illegal to listen to that trash music
Where's the racism??
He would've made it longer if he disabled the smoke alarms,  that's what gave him away for law enforcement (filled the room with smoke from shooting so much)!
So you burned your tickets because players are doing what you just did, brave, smart and patriotic idiot right there #FirstAmendment #yourrights
Why is this like a chart party but for music
I guess you could say they will be getting their power back despacito (slowly)
She's dumb
Why is Jupiters great red spot becoming less elliptical, and more round? Are there cows farting on jupiter?
When your phone is on 1% and you got the charger in your room
DID THEY NOT JUST HEAR HIM SAY FIRST AMENDMENT ABSOLUTIST?????
His eyes look amazing in this interveiw
selected questions from a weak pm we should be gone already . She should be gone already .
This is very sad:(
White people chill !We get it y'all ain't responsible for this. You want a cookie now?
5:38 we're savages
What asshole came up with this lmao
It's been an open secret for some time now.
HELLO
Bannon really gets it. I wish he were still in the White House.
Praise Jesus Christ our Lord and saviour. REPENT
Guys they turned the headphone jack into this. Those sick bastards
Great, so indecent people are costing everyone else money again. How much does this certification cost struggling farmers?
https://youtu.be/kCwG5LDxiXQ
There are a few details this video leaves out...  The Mortgage Interest Deduction phases out for people earning greater that $260K.  It eventually reduces to 20% of its maximum deduction.  Second...  You didn't discuss long-term VS short-term capital gains.  Short-term capital gains are taxed like regular income.  Only long-term have a strong benefit...  You should probably talk about the carried interest loophole that does greatly benefit hedge-funders.  Also, a discussion of AMT would have been useful, which can eliminate much of the long-term capital gains benefit.
I forgot today was 9/11....
Love this family bruh...... People can say what they want about them but they are Survivor......
Respuesta Pendeja:Lo hiso Dios\nRespuesta Coherente con logica comprobada:\nobra de las Placas tectnicas
God save us everyone, we're a broken people living under loaded gun.
Despite the facts to prove it I bet even more politicians will get on the Global Warming doesn't exist bandwagon.\n\nGod I hate how stupid humanity is.
I hate that asshole so much. Fuck you Trump.
This is not how delta airlines does it\n\nYeah, the woman would have been a lot more bloodied and bruised on delta
ad was good tho
Peng Ting Call Maddison Come Jump In My Addison Lee, Because you cant take Uber
Wish you would tell us where this city is...
 Can't you see I'm easily bothered by persistence\nOne step from lashing out at you...\n...Respect, walk, what did you say? (PROFESSOR)\nRespect, walk, are you talking to me?\nAre you talking to me? 
We need to take a bullet the right way god
Clear right propaganda
HURRICANES , EARTHQUAKES  GOD IS ANGRY AT US HUMANS .. WE HUMANS ARE NO GOOD AT ALL
Espn is disgusting
Hi my name is PUFFY ADDERSON, and I am back with an all new FAKE NEWS TROLLING CHANNEL!!! And I all I gotta say about HEFNER'S death is FAKE NEWS!!!!! Hefner LIVES!!!! And is ALIVE!!!!!!! Here on URANUS!!!! WITH ME NOW!!!! HEE HEE HEE HEE HEE!!!!!!
Did isis  did this
Stop being pussies and stand for your goddamn country. You arent standing for trump, you are standing for the soldiers that died, the sacrifices made, the freedom granted to you by this great country, and the foundation and everything in which this country was built off of. If i had any power to do so, id fucking deport everyone of you worthless ungreatful fucks
It's not a horror movie though
million dollar idea...portable nets that you stick over your babies.
Steve Bannon has balls.  And that scares the crap out of the professional politicians in the DC swamp and our mendacious mainstream media.
Mark Twain once said The two important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why. Will be praying for all that have suffered these storms and the ones yet to come.
Where do they find theae crappy actors? Why arnt these pillars of the news visiting the 29 injured people in the local a&e why is there a perfectly burning bucket in a plastic bag on a coach majesticaly alight with fairey dust? Sorry ide why is there no damage to the coach or even burn or scorch marks who do the bbc think they are kidding this has to be one of the worst staged terror attacks in history even worse that decrepid old krone zionist may has now raised the threat level so severe whens it going critical? And the ramifications of this act of insanity are mind blowing thats of course if anybody out there is even moderatly sane just observations nothing to worry about. This report has been brought to you all live from bailey rich & divixde and rule news room.
He seems less arrogant, not outrages, and not sounding like a 7th grader reading a power point.  Great speech, We gotta Protect Our Euro Brothers n sisters and ourselves. And hey, More Jobs, and the Stock market is booming which is amazing for our economics...I Just hope we don't gotta go to war soon (:
wheres the video, feed, pics?? yawns at conference... what a waste of 5 hours
this is heart breaking so sad
in my dream last few days in tuesday 9/6/2017 will be more higher storm cat 5 in your state around 100 storm. regard.
I voted for him. I adore him as a president. However, he needs to use diplomacy within and without his base. He has tossed away several excellent laws at the expense of abrasion. This, by far, is the worst facet of his administration.
I don't see how anyone can disagree with this
0:02 Jaienjwjsodiqndkkskwovii&!nVz5&3$;4'cfkx'xfldkzorzlf.  Nkc(.5.@5.) ltl\n\n\nI was expressing my rage by smacking the keyboard
That's why I listen to Bosnian war songs
Is MK interested in anything  besides appearances and age????? How shallow! (and that's a kindness!)\nwhatever made someone hire her in this capacity ??? nearly brainless. And the audience as well, WHY would they populate the seats for a program like this?
Typical liberal news outlet....
This dude was framed !
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Trump is definitely dividing us.. no doubt.
Time for India to rule england. British govt is incapable of ruling itself and saving it's citizens from islamic terrorists. England needs to be converted to non-abrahmic religions to achieve peace and stability instead of that satanic dead god which they worship.\nbye.
A terrorist
Asshole!!!!
Hell I disrespect the flag everyday by taking it with me while I take a shit. It's a disgrace that flag has to smell what I just released. Many may be wondering why I take my flag with me while I shit. The answer is I'm a true American that's all.
Communist vermin want nothing but no language,no culture,no flags,no nations and no borders.All these guys are in the media along with the kneelers and protestors are boning but the Bolshevik brigade that are pushing big government and big money into their communist slave masters.They are nothing but sausages and pawns.
How dare you talk about prayers. This is all a part of God's plan. How dare you question his perfection!
Shock makes people act in ways that make no sense to anyone. But this guy is obviously high. He rambles like hes on speed. He almost sounds like toward the end that this was a message. I wouldnt be surprised if this knew everything. And to flaunt that he always knew how to be around people dumber than him so he never got caught, that was a pretty deliberate message and one that he is really feeling now
Yes dirty old man should have spent his final years repenting for his dirty atrocities but he didn't so it's most likely his soul is paying the ultimate price.
Can't wait for more episodes!
FIRST COMMENT
It doesn't matter. No matter what someone does or say, America will never get rid of guns. A country that is raised off guns and we obviously don't care about victims of mass shootings. We say Thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families but no changes will ever be made to prevent another mass shooting, so expect another mass shooting
Two days, 77k views, and trending?
He has done his time.Now repent and get saved.God is near.
People wonder why police are so scared, paranoid, and prone to violence. If we got all the guns off the streets we would have a better police force, and safer cities.
Somebody so transparent as Donald Trump cant be a man.
Transport for london is experiencing massive losses so they basically decided to give Uber the big finger so everyone would run back to black cabs busses and trains. Really ... great work well done!  one more annoyed Londoner
Where's a muslim when you need one. ALLAHU AKBAR BITCHES!
What is our WORLD BECOMING!!! Smh 
Everyone hates them cause they are JEALOUS. So haters gone hate.
That's a lot of intelligence on that field
Donald Trump
*CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL*
Gun control laws will never work
Deadliest Mass Shooting in US History....... that record won't last long... good ole 3rd world country america
LOVE ONE ANOTHER\nPEACE, LOVE, UNITY, PROSPERITY, CALM, WISDOM, FORGIVE, RESPECT, HONESTY, TOLERANCE, \nGOOD HEALTH, LIBERTY, CLEAN ENERGY, SELF CONTROL, EQUALITY, INCLUSION, PARDON, PATIENCE, JOY, STAY SAFE, WELL-BEING, KINDNESS
Sing It Children!!!!! Beautiful!
Most creative guy I've ever met. A baby who's head is shaped like a football, talks in a faux upper class accent, only his dog and other babies can comprehend him, loves lasers and time machines, and hates his mother. smh. that's something. So clever.
So, they will be out of EU, they will not have a seat at the table, but they will still be ruled by the EU....What a fuc..up XD
Paleeze!!
Gump care will hurt many Americans  most likely  his supporters
This makes me so happy. It's time we needed someone who spoke the truth to unify us all.
So Paul Monica at cnn is why gun stocks go up? Get your shit together! This is trending?
He should write a sequel to his book If I Did it. He could call it Well, obviously I did it, Duh.
Poor polar bears 
It will all pass by next week and black people will carry on killing each other and being killed by the police.  Black people should put the same hype and unity they have now to change or improve their community then maybe we can force things to change for us.
I thought they were kneeling cause they were tired...
That would honestly be me, lol!
There's monkeys. Learn some English.  It's there are monkeys.
This has nothing to do with God I better not see Christians in this comment section
Way to mislead everyone into a race war of misinformation. You ass holes know the original outrage was about the Twitter ad that just showed the first two models and cut off before the third, yet you go out of your way to misrepresent the outrage with the full ad as if THAT was the thing everyone was pissed about (lets not even get into the soap commercials from less than a hundred years ago that show black people as dirty that once clean become white)\n\nFucking propaganda peddlers
Subscribe to crazy turtle 52
she's lying
Asshole!!!!
You can hear Brexit in the background
Dude on the left is such a bitch... You're a man too bro. You know damn well when a fine pair comes your way you're gonna be staring. Acting like he's so appalled and shit..
So it happens yet again.\n\nMunich.\n\nSuez.\n\nNow Florence.\n\nA gutless British Prime  Minister sells the pass to a bunch of jeering and syphilitic \n\nwogs.\n\nNOT a pretty site , and the Civil War accordingly moves closer.
Glad Harry talking about 1D! Before this interview, it's been nearly a year since he spoke of the boys!
Mother nature is trying to get rid of humans
Colbert is obsessed with Trump. I want to feel bad for the guy but I'm sure he's getting paid for his obsession.
Fake news bye fake Jews
This is incredible - I feel for all who lost so much - the message from above might be start fresh - make room for the new -  it will only be better lots of good luck to all!
This movie is so amazing! It gave me cancer it was that good! I loved it. Go watch it and get cancer too!
After many days I found a quality video
1:55 They're telling him to let go, and he does. Even so, she fights with him every step of the way. Trying to milk out a scene yelling What are you doing to me?!? but if she cooperated, there would've been no need for physical force.
Trying to figure out where to stand for group class presentations
I bet if the ball hit one of you you wouldnt be saying its a rare accident
So sweet. Loved this!
the $127K is for her lawyers fee...she probably would end up needing more to pay for her lawyers
Yes He did
Fucking backwards pos mysogynistic culture!
Yee yee!!
https://youtu.be/Ybcd_oC-R08
Blames Euroupe\nMentions nothing about Hillary Clinton corrupting the island\nViews and Ratings fall
Why are people still recording vertically?
2016: An emotional beat down\n\n2017: A physical beat down
Fear tactics. ..
Bet there are gonna be plenty of racist ass comments down here
Too many idiots riding Citi Bike in New York City.
These outdoor concerts need emergency  exits \nGates to open security watching the gates
I bet trump happy about this
this vid is sooo *Satisfying*
Honey wheres my super suit!?
Yay! Mike Tyson if free
Andrew Breitbart calls out John podesta back in 2012 shouldn't this be news as well?
OH,  OPHELIA, YOU'VE BEEN ON MY MIND GIRL SINCE THE FLOOD
No ones calling it racist besides a couple over sensitive people lol chill
All the songs picked out for this video are terrible.
Sigh...each year were losing true musicians...
whats the point of having those large roads when there's only 16 cars in the whole city
Lol dang he cute tho
MY PARENTS ARE FROM MEXICO BUT WE ARE IN USA R.I.P MEXICO
for a very fit and almost athletic man, Paul Ryan has lost his balls to the most pathetic president in history (his balls are now kept in the chin of Mitch McConnell, the body of obstruction and failure)
she just told that dumbass
Fck islam and peadophile prophet muhammed
He was never shot. It was a staged hoax. Wake up people!!!
POPCORN companies in the UK now has a Model
so many 'triggered' Trump fans. God you are so quick to call someone a snowflake, you don't even recognise it in yourself. You're offended on behalf of a piece of fabric and a song.
I grabbed my copy when I saw the video!
Kellyanne our leader... well, in German the word is unser Fhrer...
Great, more Muslims running people over.
she very old woman she .my grandma just 55year's old she is 64..she is from Philippines..??
Free Catalonia from Canada!
It is absolutely patriotic to support anyone's freedom of speech even if it's not how you express yours. Soldiers died fighting in support and swore an oath to the Constitution including the Bill of Rights. \nCongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.\n\nIf you think not standing during the flag should get one fired or a crime you are anti American.
That suck. I have 2 small kids and can't imagine how it would feel to see my children hurt like that. THAT BEING SAID, IT CAN HAPPEN! YOU TAKE THAT RISK WHEN YOU GO TO THE GAME
every shooting is the deadliest shooting in America according to media
Now that's a true patriot not those inbred conservatives who say they respect the flag yet have a confederate flag (aka the ones who hated the us and was their biggest enemy)
hmmm he's a sexy dad
Am I supposed to care, news networks treated hurricane irma like it was a war just to get ratings. Heck not even 10 people died from it.
Did i hear correctly? Rascist?  The Dominicans are mainly blacks so you're saying a black being rascist to another black which makes no sense. The word rascist should not be used freely w/o context. The correct term should be discrimination.
The juice is loose
God bless those people
I'm glad you think it's funny, you spineless excuse for a human.
And YOU must be the Monopoly guy...thanks for the free parking.
Somebody find this man a spine.
What he is saying: Those 16 people don't matter as much as those thousands.
She is absolutely correct. And the FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETEEN thumbs down voters are a clear representation of the types of people who either willingly support types of dangerous creepy marginalizers who treat women as 2nd class citizens, or are all to willing to support types of dangerous creepy marginalizers who treat women as 2nd class citizens and ARE all to willing to not try to prevent it from happening again. Creepy republican religious narcissist types, with NRA memberships and piles of guns.
Wow... only 112,000 views and considered trending by youtube... Im gonna call bullshit on this youtube trending page. Seems like it's curated by someone
https://youtu.be/hqAI0WyF7rs
prayers go out to mexico.
5:05 Oh wow! So Trump has finally done something good.... aaaand no he hasn't.
You go Jane! You've always been a wonderfu,l useful idiot. Hey Hollywood, the world is on to you. You're all brain washed, you all use the same psy-op language - you're going to lose.
Im glad he made a joke about it but its still just a joke. He didnt really take a stand or make an actual comment. Why is everyone praising Seth for this and hating on Nathan Lane for making a joke straight to Harvey Weinsteins face years ago?
        
It's too late she would have already been locked up if she was guilty. Forensics does not take this long there's no evidence against her the only thing that she's guilty of is marrying for the wrong reason ain't that a b**** LOL
Wow
look Trump \n.ur dividing this country\n.
Why's this Faggot the one being talked to, isn't he just another passenger? Ask the Woman or the Police, they're not even involved.
Is there one normal non trailer trash looking juggalo?
Omg... AMAZING. This song always brings tears to my eyes, but this performance made them flow out. You guys have beautiful voices and all sound fantastic. Waking up to this has made my day. Keep up the good work to both the teacher and student.
biggest troll 2017
Simple solution. \n\nJust\n\nBe\n\nRick\n\nI mean rich. \n#rickandmortyadventures24/7
Poor little dog scarborough who is a total loser that was disowned from the GOP for cuckery, needs to go all the way and become a filty little democrap
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YFiYNRDTj6E\nApparently some dropped a mug a actually cracked it.
Faygo not fascism.
It seems everybody knew about it but nobody would do anything about it and now that he's been called out on it everybody in their sister that's coming out with some kind of story where were they when all this was happening he has a piece of shit but that's besides the point.
Now will phones be cheaper because you have the facility to make it so?\n\nOR will they be more expensive to pay for this worthless building?
Hope da EARTHQUAKE makes them Mexicans ~~~ MEXICANTS !!!
Stand up for the Flag & Country. Haters and Liberals can't leave. #MAGA
People ask your self this question. Why would a man of this statue do something like this? Doesn't make any sense !!! Just like his brother is mystified just like I am
So what? Banning a bump stock doesn't mean anything. All it does is help with bump firing... which you don't need any device to do that.
I think this is edited (added color post filming and may not even be North Korea at all) in order to make it seem like a better place, like fake propaganda.
Come on Naruto leave Japan and use your Rasenshuriken on the storm! 
I identity as an Attack Helicopter
Interesting theory. Big if true
What if I told you To Kill A Mockingbird was overrated? You'd be wrong.
Daft Punk have taken it a bit too seriously.
Gag...recycled millionaires. \n\nBoycott Hollywood folks. Support independent productions.
If only some people werent PC ass bitches. This is not racism. Anything revolving skin color is labeled as racist nowadays and its fucking ridiculous.
Is tommy like proud of his disaster? Like this movie is making fun of him
They always apologize after doing something bad to a person.
The video example of flooding in Miami is of the mainland! It's Downtown/Brickell, NOT Miami Beach.
He should be treated as a hero.  Compare to Seth, those men who made voices after the story broke  are cowards.
nobody cares about your gender studies degree you fuckin rtard
No I didn't say that Hiroshima was good I just said it helped push the Japanese towards surrender
Path of destruction LMAO this is not a war zone! It's weather! Get it right ABC
And another thing we will not honor the flag it was not for black people because it's the same as the Confederate flag. It's just a raggedy piece of material. White people tell us all the time we're not American. So don't expect us to honor the flag with the racist song that go with it
No, hello to you and welcome to the set.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7UL1gTE--Y
AARON ROUSE IS SON IN LAW TO JOHN PODESTA\nThe FBI Agent is Aaron Rouse, Head of FBI Las Vegas, married to Megan Rouse, daughter of John Podesta, son of Pete Rouse, Chief of Staff for Senator Obama and Chief of Staff for President Obama. Got the job in June 2016, assigned by Comey, and came from... wait for it... CounterIntelligence 'Clandestine' Operations. Yep, they've been planning this for a while.\n\n\n\n\nAARON ROUSE IS SON IN LAW TO JOHN PODESTA\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL4MT39M8vY
Perfect
Holy shit I've never seen a more uninformed Youtube comment section in my life.
PRAYING FOR THE PEOPLE AND ANIMALS SAFETY.. FATHER GOD, PLEASE HELP AND SAVE THEM.. THE WINDS OUR SCARY AND MAY DESTROY THINGS BUT SURVIVING IS MORE IMPORTANT. I KNOW HOW IT FEELS TO BE IN A HURRICANE AND ITS THE MOST TERRIFYING THING EVER. SO JUST PRAY. PRAY THE OUR FATHER,HAIL MARY (3X), AND GLORY BE. AMEN.
Why do you bring race into this immediately!!!! Fucking people these days always has to be about racism
It's a good thing you really hammer home the fact that he's black.  Really touches the identity high notes.\n\nThe interviewer reminds me of Kid 'n Play.
Stupid MALAKA!
          ,              ,         -    !
*Aye dios mio!!!*
How sick
Hillary sucks lizard balls
Wow
looking at them ghost skin disease people mad lol
I have an idea. Lets stop glorifying these tragedies. Stop giving them so much attention. There are way worse things going on that we CAN fix and we should focus on them. \nGun violence is never going to end, just like drug abuse, gang violence, racism, inequality and corruption. These are unfortunately part of human life. It should serve as a reminder of the importance of personal responsibility and respect for each other.
Why fire people speaking truth.. F this guy!
Alright, I understand most people in this comment section is going to disagree with me, but at least hear me out. I think that nobody on either side of the isle is doing their job. There are lies on the right, and lies on the left, especially the far of the former. However, this sort of thing is DEFINITELY acceptable. Oppression in the United States exists. The longer we deny that, the worse it's going to be.\n\n(Here comes the wrath of the comment section.)
I knew Tump would find a way to screw Americans.
Anyone notice the world has been falling apart for the past couple of months?
Hurricane Brian is on Friday not sure how bad all I now is there's another one
I like music that changes like -Right in two
Standing on the Sun.\n\nWomen are multi-taskers.\nThey could literally drive many cars on a busy motorway.\nThey've got tons of common sense.\nTheir demand for recogntion on the ground started with the Suffergettes. So why have they so much common sense then?\nIt's cause their Standing on the Sun. They give life to all.\nThey made our brains and activate them/peace with their shapley appearence, sensuality and inner strengths.\nAnd it's cause their standing on the sun it's why they have a hyper intel' and peace that powers and creates men who invents entertainments........For her of course.\nOh Maria.
I don't follow the logic: To Kill A Mocking Bird is overrated because it was a paperback? Because it was published at a time when paperbacks were making its way into schools? What's the logical connection? Penguin has been publishing literary classics like the Odyssey since 1946. Why is 1961 so significant a year? TKAMB's status as a great piece of literature has nothing to do with its first being published as a paperback. It's initial sales number may have, but not its status today.
Thank you all who stand up for the USA , from mom of a UNITED STATES MARINE!
Stop the sale of auto semi auto weapons. Close down shops n exhibitions selling these. Drive these bastards who want to buy such things underground so we can call them CRIMINALS
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
More than one shooter
Fucking reptilian
anyone remember the nascar south park episode?
I'm stuck here, they took the roads in tonight and they're storing them in a warehouse on the other side of the island
Was the earthquake called 'The Jose or the Juan'?
Lol, rich people don't pay taxes at all because they use offshore accounts in countries with tax loopholes.
*throws ball*
Legend!
*LOL! How Las Vegas shooter got guns into his hotel*\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=7&v=nKBM7_tb-CI
*Hospital worker:* SIR! What is your blood type!?\n*Me:* I'm A Negative person but I try to B-positive.
Find Jesus Christ and stop leading our country into further destruction . People have enough problems without yalls help.
2018 Now introducing the apple park 2 with great features
Maybe the earthquake can hit hollywood and clean up those trump haters with nothing else to do.
1st
too many disaster news to catch up these days
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
People are literally out of control. Took this tooo far! I use dove and will still use dove. These so called woke people are just looking for racism
I run a Granite worktop fabricating company in the UK. I agree with the statistics as we had a major boom in Granite worktops through the 00s. The shift in trend, in my opinion, has a number of reasons behind it.\nFirstly, just as fashion trends can shift, Granite has slowly begun looking outdated. We have seen a marked increase in quartz worktops due to its more practical properties and the wider range of colours available. So much so that it has surpassed Granite in terms of sales.\n\nSecondly, due to the uncertainty of the economy at the time, many people were reluctant to sell their property and would opt for injecting a little bit more money into a kitchen project or extension. This resulted in a number of new worktop fabricators starting up, creating a more competitive pricing environment making it more accessible to the middle and lower class markets.\n\nA new product recently hit the market as well. Sintered Stone outperforms Granite and quartz in all aspects, including price. But its early days for this product and it has yet to gain its market notoriety. And the price also scares people away for the product.\n\nHope this didnt bore you too much. Haha
Why is this comment section full of fucking degenerates
You cast your votes but for nightmares to become realities for others!  How is the oppressor oppressed!!!
Earworm series: Let's try to invent random flashy metrics so that top-40 contemporary african-american music can be considered as theoretically grounded as all other aesthetically recognized music forms
so CNN, fake news much?
I WANNA SHOOT HER CLUB UP (IN MY CHARLEMAGNE VOICE) \nIf one person listens to my music that would mean the world to me. \nYoung M.A Official Audio On My Page.
Does that make the monkey a suicide bomber? The turtle had a helmet... shouldn't the monkey have been wearing a fez?
Megan Kelly is way overrated.
good! it might stop china from ruining Tibet further.
I just don't like Megyn.
People just look at this ad, think of something racist, and rant about how racist it is.
Do checkout my channel. And also my video on India's safety\n\nhttps://youtu.be/t0MFgV8iDek
Was the earthquake called 'The Jose or the Juan'?
Awww, I really, really, really like you too
All of you people are so stupid, if anyone thinks this just happened out of nowhere,,,your a dumbass,,it was planned by the Democratic, santanic, organization, that wants everyone dead!
Here comes the state with their agenda
You have lost a lot of fans due to your stupid political views... maybe you should stick to acting... I hear you are pretty good...
Who cares
... hope he marries CNN.
In Scotland I think it is bad
No, he did not. For a fact there were multiple shooters and for some reason they're ignoring the fact that while shit was going down, on the police scanner there were reports of shootings at Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Luxor, and Tropicana all at the same time.
Lee Nelson
Oj didn't do anything
It's not even a horror film to be honest, it's a movie of about symbolism. Jennifer is Mother Earth, Javier is God, and there is Kain and Able, Jesus, and just a whole lot of symbolism about the wrongs of humanity

https://youtu.be/IMgb7qj57Ug
I agree 100% with the right for free speech. However, there is a wrong way and a right way of doing things if you want to get a positive message across. America is a very patriotic country and if you want to kneel during the anthem, then you can expect you're going to piss off half the country. Is that the best method to get people behind you for a cause? I think we all know the answer is no. \nPeople insist that Trump is dividing the US, but it's been happening long before he got there.\nI admire that people have a message they want to send but look at how they are doing it.\nProtest is great but if you can't do it without pissing people off then you will never convince people to stand with you. You are actually part of what is dividing the country.\nStop BLM, stop kneeling during the anthem, stop blaming the police when you feel someone is killed for being black.\nBLM alienates people who aren't black, kneeling during the anthem is a sign of disrespect to the country.\nDo you honestly think police are out looking for black people to shoot? If you believe that you are stupid and will never find a solution. You're not asking the right questions. Why are the police so scared or nervous when they approach a black man/woman? That's the question you need to find an answer to. I think if you start looking more at systematic oppression rather than racism you might start getting somewhere. Lets face it a cop of any ethnicity that isn't black is going to be on edge going into a black neighbourhood. Why? Why are they more sensitive to danger in these areas? The numbers are all there for anyone who cares to look them up. It is more dangerous for police to patrol these areas. Plain and simple. The police are actual victims of this systematic oppression as well. \nStart doing things right where you can expect a positive outcome and I promise you will have more people stand behind the cause, whatever that may be.
Thanks Hansen. Makes me sick to hear our President spin what is freedom of speech into an attack on the military.
do people look to her for life support  or weather just the facts please
I hope there will not be too much casualties , please be safe Mexico
The weapon he used was a fully automatic gun. All fully automatic guns are illegal throughout the US. It is ridiculously hard to obtain fully automatic weapons even if you are in law enforcement. These weapons are even hard to get  on the black market, as all fully automatic weapons are tracked. The only  law enforcement to use fully automatic weapons are SWAT teams. All the other mass shootings used semi automatic guns. He likely modified a semi  automatic gun into a full auto gun.
Im crying omg !! I love Harry so so much I miss the boys as a band . What Harry said at the end about us singing along and buying tickets 
http://clippornhd24h.info/9_kutireka99.html
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! Repent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus!\n\nHe loves you! He is NOT angry at you, so please don't listen to the devil's lies. Jesus died so that you may live! \n\nCall upon Jesus while you still can! You will be saved if you truly seek Him! He is forgiving and merciful! He promises to never turn a person away when they come to Him, so come to Him now. \n\nTomorrow is not promised to anyone and judgement is swiftly approaching. Jesus is the Only Way to escape, so choose life today. Choose Jesus! \n\nShalom, friends.
Its called SIN CITY for a reason
Rap has the best BASS
Why does he look high?
Great episode. Waiting for more
First off all....what about all these uber drivers...their jobs???
ooh a little heavy with the contour
i thought the guy in the thumbnail was the teacher from glee and i thought the video was gonna be him responding to mark's (noah) arrest on what he did
Sub to me if this is terrible
Just walk
Good Get him out, you're fired hahaha
this has to be the most clickbait fraudulent claim of destruction I've ever seen. small tornadoes will do 10x the amount of damage this did. who's agenda are you fulfilling usa today???
Cuckservatives Triggered 
worst thing about him is wearing 2 shirts. wtf?
USA. world police.where are you?
Ryan is on Trump's side, and that's how it's suppose to be. MSNBC is fake news.
THIS IS KARMA FOR SAYING WE ARE NOT PAYING FOR 'THE WALL' ....YOU WILL PAY FOR THE WALL. GOD WILLING.
Such a fake terror event - see Ole Dammegard's work.  This bomb that put so many people in hospital, didn't even throw smut or soot on the adjacent walls, windows or fabric seats of the tube train.  So it can't have exploded or sent fireballs down the train.  It's a shame people got trampled, but this is such a bad hoax.
more media bullshit, trying to take our minds off other questions...
For all fallen Auld Lang Syne\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4r74IIKbh8
calls him out ? more like made a weak scared joke, and where is fuck head kimmel these days with his high and mighty self righteous bullshit which now seems to be hiding in his pants, all these low life fuckers march in lock step when the executives tell them,
If she said Boobs, her heart would stop.
o
Fake taxi?
I LOVE HIM SO MUCHAWHSNDJDJDIFNV
Soo only baseball, basketball, and football players can fight on the field with norepercussions.I'd like to see that happen on a NFL field.
I don't cry. I never cry. But tonight. I cried.
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
It's the border collpoctalypse
Has a life threatening allergy to a service animal, but resist to get off the plane? Where in this does that make any sense?
* CHECK THIS OUT THUMBS UP * https://youtu.be/yrieEZ0Bv7o
God is angry with these sinful stupid people ... and His wrath is only gonna get worse
Wow, real clever the way she flipped that joke around onto Corbyn amirite
I'm sorry mexico. From an American, I wish you the best and hope you all get well soon
It's so disheartening to look at the comments with multiple users claiming inside job or any other plethora of conspiracy whackjob weird stuff. Go google his corpse in the hotel. It is consistent with a small calibre handgun inside his mouth. His left eye is bulging from a righthanded .32 calibre wound. The gas expelled from that round inside his mouth is consistent with his corpse. Look at the photo.
Great more money going to waste whyyyyy I feel bad for them it's going to take years to rebuild
Dude instead of protesting on my tax payer dime they should roll up their sleeves in their communities and be a Light. My tax payer Dollars supplement these Stadium builds and upgrades. I don't watch a game to have someone disrespect this nations Flag and Anthem. If it's so bad here then take your millions and leave ! I did my time in the Military as well. It's a sand lot game you get the privilege of getting paid more than 95 % of Americans will ever make. If it keeps up I'll find better people and places to spend my time and money on !
The Dunning-Kruger President doing his best work...Hahaha, America, what have you done!
Califrnia.
why did i watched this. I have a flight at 9:00 PM tonight
I think there was more than one shooter. Always will
Time to step in Jacob and drag this useless woman from the tiller.
This sucks, but the name for the hurricane is kinda funny. What's next? Hurricane Greg? Terry? Keith? Steve?
Youtube is censoring dislikes and comments on this video. Fyi
Catalonia is not a country. Students = useful idiots for the Left, easily brainwashed. To them, Catalonia is just another trendy non-threatening cause to jump on. Catalan separatism is anti-Spanish and communist in origin, Catalan region is long infested with marxists. Why does the Western media outside Spain always fail to mention these details, just because the leftists hide behind red and yellow flags?
Everyone saying how there's so many racist comments but I have  yet to see one single racist remark. Probably bots
Thank you Tom

Trump you made no mistake all these liberals should find out how to respect their country
I'm sorry I thought this was in Los Angeles. how about you report on major things and then just mention this in other news.
30k views + NEWS = Trending\n10mil views + Idubs = Nothing
She's teaches Islamic studies and demanded them to remove the dog from the flight.
HELLO AND WELCOME
Interesting that he's flirting with the women there just happen to be women I was in town just for this.   His strange idea that Canadian women need promoting is dated.  We are pretty much there, and any infractions can be handled with current discrimination laws.   He's coming in like he thinks he is a knight in shining armour.  We need our Prime\n\nOh God, his freaking socks were mentioned again.    Maybe I'll send him some dunce socks.\n\nI look forward to hearing how his meeting with Trump will go.   Hopefully he won't spend too much time being a feminist, and spends more time on the trade deals, agreements, that will work for Canadians.  But, who am I kidding!!!!
Universal coverage frees businesses large and small from having to be responsible for the health care of it's employees. Universal coverage frees the common man from having to choose between taking his own path versus having to work for someone else just for the health care. Republicans prefer that people be beholding to business and prefer that people are kept under the thumb of their employers and don't go off on their own. Universal coverage is freedom for all but Republicans see the common people as merely a work force to be controlled and kept just comfortable enough to not revolt. Republicans are liars and con artists that depend on the support of idiots and fools to keep the game going.
Hahahaha this video is sooo funny!!!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, fuck this guy
I would not be surprised at all if OJ Simpson somehow didn't hire the Las Vegas shooter so that all the media would be focused on that instead of his release which is exactly where they would have focused had this not occurred.
That guys head is brighter than my future...
Prince Harry  is the kind of Prince that everyone dream of. 
Campbellites, for you. So, now they're killing each other?  \nAt least they're not killing primitive baptists and methodists this time.
He won because this is what people want, you're obviously more comfortable with the old status quo. And I'm not comfortable with them or you, Trump 2020
between second 48 and 49 is onset of the fake im saying absolutely nothing politician face
Coming Soon, \n\nApple Universe.
Why has no one checked on Cuba?
Checks this out. Free sign up http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=47200
Lol those Chinese and their sick creationist minds
Wake up people this whole thing is FAKE. Like bostonhoaxathon sandyhoax and all the rest.
The best in the game. I'm glad that he's getting this wide recognition because it is much deserved.
She liar.lock her up
This is how Trump got elected people dont know how to do their jobs and screen and check peoples identity properly hes probably a russian spy
Racist don't like to be called racist.
Lmao
[f][u][c][k] [y][o][u] [b][i][t][c][h] [a][s][s] [n][i][g][g][e][r] [g][o] [t][o] [h][e][l][l] [u] [n][a][s][t][y] [f][u][c][k] [u] [d][o][n][t] [d][e][s][e][r][v][e] [2] [l][i][v][e] [a][t] [a][l][l][.] [i] [h][o][p][e] [u] [s][t][a][y] [s][t][e][r][i][i][l][e]
Pay the fuck attention, are you there to watch the game or sit on your phone.
Visit www.indis.me and expose your local luciferians!
*R E L I G I O N  O F  P E A C E*
This is what you get for going on xbox live while using kinect mics with your mom screaming and dog barking
How horrible , sad
White policeman's jobs and not hard you're never in danger. When all your job is to do is shoot down black people you're not human
Not into football, and not African American, but don't need to be to respect Jesse Williams for being on the right side of this issue.  TY, JW.
One of the best line: \nThe problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. President Trump, first speech to UN general assembly, Sep 19, 2017
Why didn't you guys call it a terrorism when a Muslim kills one person you guys call it terrorism but this guy kills 59 and you guys says nothing about it.
Wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam wuam
America seems to support Saudi Arabia, who dislikes America, but Iran has encouraged women to drive for decades and appreciates and strives for peace with America. Why does America always fight the wrong people for the wrong reasons?
i want ty burrell to play a young hefner when a movie is made about hugh. burrell is a dead ringer for a young hugh.
Leprechauns are hiding...
Put the ad back up! It's great for either race!
Totally discussing. So much hate.   Wow.  Disrespectful  the left is racist as hell   if your white and proud  your a racist   Hollywood is sickening   and these are the people we should look up to and learn from.   It's one big hate fest.  The women are nasty women so unattractive      these are very ugly people
Wow, this is HUGE!
OMG the horror
Mother earth cleaning up the tailor parks.
That Beyonce song is TRASH. I really hate to think how repetitive, and LCD music will be in 10 years.
Madrid scoring a glorious own-goal!
Now people are going to jump into fake taxi by accident 
1st amendment says you can't be labeled a gang?
Black london taxi any day you have a good old chin wag with the good  old cockney gezzers and  understand what they are saying how have uber drivers got the taxi when they cant speak the  lingo
She is not a woman, she is a whamen !
*i see a thumbnail of Michael Jackson*\n\ni quickly click on it
Hilarious and original!! Love it.
They forgot to ask him the most important question. Who in the right mind leaves Goldman Sachs for some talent agency?
Paul Ryan is awful
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
I would jump off if i saw the glass was about to break
It says the glass is checked regularly for safety, but I say when have the Chinese ever been concerned about safety.
Also people should stop disliking news stations just because what they report you dont like.
The reason for being fired isn't for the tattoos but for being fans of clowns as an adult.
Obama must of really neen hard off for some work after trump became president.
Megyn Kelly is trash lol
Oh Delta doesnt do it that way they are appalled. 
Theres exceptions to every rule, and rap is included.  Theres plenty of rap worth listening to, and people listen to it because its actually well written and produced.  Just like every other genre, there is really terrible, cliche garbage that people seem to flock to.. rap happens to be the worst offender.
This is so sick! Don't you have any dignity ?
Cavuto will never reach him. It is a fool who looks for humanity in the heart of Donald Trump. His supporters are cult members so he'll never reach them either. Yet Fox News viewers will all vote for Trump again in 2020. What a worthless segment.
Get our identity back and MAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN! I see the loons moaning at Trump, but all I see is a booming stock market, unemployment low, companies coming back to the US, and ISIS getting their butt kicked! We need to look and learn. Strong is the way and putting British people first is the way. The polices are SO easy to enhance living standards and make crime fall. Get rid of the filth, close the borders and MAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN!
What a fucking retard!!!!!!!
How is this on trending
If only they both had a bare knuckle fight, really wish corbyn gave her some
What did she do?
Another one?
I don't think that anyone is really buying into this bullshit. Who are the ones outraged? Not most black people, for sure.\n\nRacism isn't accidental. Either you get up on a stage and make where you stand clear, or you're not racist.\n\nAlso, why the boycott? Boycotts get the attention of people who are REFUSING to speak with you. You ALREADY have what you want from the beginning, since before the boycott was announced: To discuss the ad and to get them to remove it. They did it. So it makes no sense to do this after they've already caved to your demand: This is just vindictive.\n\nIs the media/youtube trying to play us? Do they think we will just mindlessly believe this racism red-alarm forever?\nYou got away with it in the first half, but people know what you're up to now. Give it up. This is no longer a cash cow.
We get the same winds in the desert. Except the storms are dirt and sand.
Something spells really fishy. The fake news is real, first she was in Japan, Australia, now its Philippines. Another video ago couldn't make up its mind, girlfriend, wife, roommate etc.
The just inquisition\n\nFirst it was the silicon valley\nNow it's Hollywood
Sad thing is, we will never know what the truth actually is in this case. Cops on the scene yelling multiple shooters, media telling us only one. Smh
And another one of these videos where they make the company look bad when it's the girls damn fault
PRESIDENT IS 100 % RIGHT!!!!
Now, let's address **Pedophilia** in Hollywood.  Brian Singer is a pedophile!! Why is that not trending?
Funny that old Pat didn't care about disrespect for our president under the previous regime
dude belongs in a mental hospital with Pelosi.   And why the fuck should we care what some Hollywood douche bag has to say?  He's a actor not a fucking politcal expert
let me explain how stupid the he's not a terrorist because it wasn't political or religious argument sounds. \n\nyou change the definition of terrorism and limited to those things after 911. basically letting white people off the hook for any terrorism they commit. \n\nnow let's put this is a way you might understand. I'm black. we all know who we generally call a thug. a violent lowlife who commits crimes against innocent people. \n\nnow imagine if Barack Obama decided a thug is someone who commits a violent crime with the purpose of giving the money to charity. \n from that point on, we can say every lowlife scumbag that robs and kills isnt a thug because he didnt donate the money to charity.\n\nsee how dumb that sounds.  every lowlife criminal would be let off the hook from being labeled a thug because he doesn't fit the definition of a thug that the black president changed.
My bad
Blame everyone else beside the white man smh
Trump saying loser makes me think of a 10 year old kid...
this is so fuckin' scary
My prayers are for Mexico and the whole world, may God protect them and give them strength, God bless you all Mexican brothers. 
now that's how you fucking protest,  take notes people
I suddenly kind of like that guy.
I totally agree with snoop. The problem is not that everyone is using triplets. It's that they all SOUND the same - ie their true voice and story is not coming through the writing process
Should not have been let out, disgusting murderer.
1 man with guns + bad idea = chaos
the reason behind this us right under eveyones nose. country music pushed him over the edge.
No affiliation, no religion, no politics. He never cared about any of that stuff, the gunman's brother, Eric Paddock, told reporters as he alternately wept and shouted. He was a guy who had money. He went on cruises and gambled.\n\nTo the people saying religion or politics played into this. It didnt. His brother said what I stated above.
Well I mean he was the freedom and right to state that opinion as crazy as those host make of it lol
Professor of  meth head university
HOAX
Juggalos?  Oh, you mean the fans of that shite group.\nYou know, the one that has 2 40+ year old dudes like like fucking children.\n\nI have 0 respect for juggalos.  Fuck em.
I find it amusing that some crazy people think it makes more sense that its a big conspiracy rather than the simple fact a crazy dude fired into a crowd with a gun.  So let me get this straight... its always a conspiracy when an incident like this happens?  If it isnt a planned conspiracy then nobody would EVER SHOOT PEOPLE FOR ANY OTHER REASON?  Yeahhhhh, sure, ok.
the bomb might just be a lure.. and the person who made the bomb built it to not fully explode,to fail.
global warming is fake news, Joking of course
There houses are so cheap
10? More like fidget spinners!!!!
The only thing I got from this video is my own reflection.   Is CNN trying to say something?
I hate the Dallas Cowboys but they did things right. They took a knee together before the national anthem  as a team and then stood as a team during the anthem. This is how you do it,  I have to give Jerry Jones credit as much as I hate his team for doing everything right whether I agree with the protest or mof
boohooo\npeople lie to make money, what a surprise!
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
I'm all for exposing the dishonest people but adding regulations that are invasive to honest farmers is too much. I'm not signing up to have people come inspect what I do on my land and make me subject to fines or jail time for not doing things their way or paying their fees. I just grow more than I need and tried to sell at a farmers market but I refused to jump through all the hoops. Instead I set up a stand in my yard where people can buy. The state still has a problem with that are try to make me stop.
Why is this not described as a terrorist attack, but its described as a massacre or mass-shooting with they all are, but hypothetically what if this was linked with an extremist group it would definitely be classified as a terrorist attack. America must decide.
Absolute bullshit , 22 injured ,  lidl bag survives with no injuries
Quit being so damn sensitive.
looks like a marshmallow
I'll be goddamned. So, George W. Bush DID do 9/11.
Who cares?  Will the world stop turning if the Kardashians and Meghan Kelly suddenly stop polluting  every media outlet?  Nope.
What happens if the glass actually cracks? How will they be able to tell?
The cyclist blew the red light! Cyclist have to follow the same rules of the road as cars.
They just want attention.
Crazy part is thats no troll. Thats actually Sam Walton founder of Walmart reinvigorated and given a new body to live out immortality.
This is beautiful
wht a special.. they just human
But did she get to keep the ball?
Tommy's being such a good sport about this.
If he really did it, I wish he would've got caught and raped in prison over and over again.
they remind me of the 'new age travellers' we use to see across europe/esp south east england  back in the 90s and early 2000s
Don't know why it's trending either. Could it be because of the rate at which it is being reviewed?
Amazing video!
God is stronger than US military....
Everybody knows it too.
Trump and trump supporters are offended. Fuckinng SNOWFLAKES
Of course the rich elite don't wanna lose all their slaves and couch potatoes. Rich people, poor people, corrupt bureaucrats, criminals, illegals..... all hate the middle class, tax payers. And why not, the middle class is shrinking faster than ever. America will be like Venezuela sooner or later.
at 9:46, Vox please, I need to know, is the person talking Dr. Pulaski from Star Trek? It sounds just like her!
megyn is just so awkward.
galls fire wide rrtegald for gallsffirrgallss galsss _and hot fire of not gas trees thing __ bug in neccckkk wipe mouths look for vooodca dodn trippp__wlak <<back pskc for vodaccaa drinks <<<
I've literally heard nothing about the Exploding Kittens game. And i'm more or less aware of current internet pop culture for the last 10'ish years.

Who the hell LIKES repetition in music? I always thought that was just called shitty pop music
Ron Goldman is still going to be going up this dude's ass 24/7.  In a way, he'll never really be free.
blue tie Trump
drug cartels kill thousands in mexico but fts. let's really report the hell out of the earthquake and find a way to blame trump for it
http://dailyxperience.com
perchase my vietnam micro plastic soldiers  TM. play war in your HERsuit E hairy bush.
What more can the government do to people that listen to their shitty music? Haven't they been punished enough? Save the jagoffalos!
O likes to make money off obama care they would like to grow and the develov off the up coming generation
Let it be noted that Lord Infamous from three six created this flow
They shouldn't put up anymore net. It does take away what baseball is really about. When you go to a baseball,everyone should already know to pay close attention to the game at all times. If fans do this, things won't happen like this. When putting up more nets, I feel that thefeminist is in full force behind this, which is a soft way.
Typical black mass shooter.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewers head. Theres also Ricks nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that theyre not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldnt appreciate, for instance, the humour in Ricks existential catchphrase Wubba Lubba Dub Dub, which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenevs Russian epic Fathers and Sons. Im smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmons genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. \n\nAnd yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick & Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. Its for the ladies eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that theyre within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 
Muslims gotta take responsibility and tell those terrorist Muslims to stop doing bad things. Please, it makes me sad to see people get hurt :(
Pyongyang, the city with the sexiest man in the world, myself.
Its an island surrounded by water. Big water. Ocean water.
People should be suspended from work for peacefully protesting -Leader of the free world
With so much money that Harvey Weinstein donated to the Democrat Party, there is absolutely no chance that Harvey Weinstein will see the inside of a jail cell.
Just like Puerto Rico, our Moron  in Chief could care less because his tiny base doesn't live in California. So sad.
wether you agree with trump or not a bunch of guys making millions shouldn't do this shit yes it is freedom of speech, but you are disrespectful towards the flag.\nso dont try to make them heroes for taking no risk at al let then go to iraq syria and let em get blown up see how they want to take a knee then.\n\ndear NFL players pls get fucked.
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
The hate trolls are posting on this video.  I hope you all mark their comments as spam or hate. It's disgusting how these trolls slime their way into YouTube to disrespect an obituary.\nMaybe go to their channel and flag it  (the grey flag usually in About) and mark as either block user or report user.
Why can't North Korea have nuclear weapons? Surely that would make the world a safer place would it?\nThis is the same argument gun lovers use!\nWhy ban weapons? Guns are used to deter criminals, for self protection bla bla bla....\nSo, why can't North Korea have nuclear weapons for self protection, and deter Criminal USA from committing war crimes against them?
FAKE NEWS read what Trump actually said ... get your news from a REAL news source. The View is trash
Savage 
Love these series, keep them coming
Looks like a bunch of legos ready to be nuked
What's really interesting is that they interviewed the woman that was called and her account was much different than this congress woman. Wilson is either a lair or she heard a fictional view of what she wanted to hear.
When you in the middle of Irma, but you vlogging at the same time.
after this series, do an Underrated series :D
She looked so cute imitating a hamster.
Lemmings not hamsters, one only has to set the example and the rest follow no matter what. Voting Democrat is cultural norm for the black population and they don't question it. They vote en mass for a party they know nothing about due to others doing it and believing the Republicans are the devil. Fact-check shows that over the last 50 years of blacks voting +80% for the Democrats in every presidential election since 1964.\n\nhttp://www.factcheck.org/2008/04/blacks-and-the-democratic-party/
How the fuck is this trending
IS THE PARK MADE BY POOR ASIAN PEOPLE TOO?
Guy went on a 50 killstreak
Whats wrong with having legal firearms. There is no limit on what legal firearms number that one can acquire. Other countries should mind their own business. Should they ban cars and kitchen knives in London. Europe has its own problems that go unreported
Nooooooo!!!!!!! RIP Hugh :(
There are good women, but Fonda isn't one of them.
Nice
My Prayers goes out to all of the families and people in that effected by the mass shooting in the church .
he might have been your father, but he'll never be your daddy boy
No one is sure if he did it, if he did he already pay for it with jail time and people walking out on him, he was outcast now an old man living his remaining days alone and without family,  God will judge him, let him be
Just use a modded controller
They are deleting the messages LMAO. That's when you know the leftists are pathetic.
Repetition makes me love songs I like and hate songs I dislike
Some are saying that he was not the killer but was killed and they used his room ( two windows shot out not one) to do the job of killing so many from....... If the lady in the crowd was stating people are going to die, all of you, was part of the killing and then just maybe others were among the force of people who did this horrible thing....... Now does anyone know who the lady is and why was she was not held for questioning on a charge of trying to site a riot............... Listen the pieces of the puzzle will fall in place and we may never know what is solved.............. He could have been used????????????????????????????? Do not rely on the FBI to tell you any thing This is not a TV program where they are going and tell and show the ending.................................
This nigga's been copy and pasted onto a woman's body
Why?
Sing It Children!!!!! Beautiful!
Good thing she doesn't watch the news. Fucking dipshits
.     -    .
What happens when it really cracks?
Notice how the white person turned into what I assume is another race from the middle eastern nose? Yeah it's not saying white is better it's saying it's for all people dumbasses? U really all love to rip on EVERYTHING to make urself feel oppressed
The 2017 Emmy's were the WORST rated in all of HISTORY!!!\n\n
Signs of the last Day: an increase in Natural Catastrophes.
They still have to pay for our wall........
Did anyone else think it was in Iceland at first?
Heartbroken! RIP Tom Petty
boo
Because of islam now i believe in humanity again...i mean islam are not for humans like other religions and beliefs..Ban Islam now London!
Where is hurricane when they need it the most in California?
Awful host! She don't know how to listen to her guests...
White christian terrorist OMG  nvm its america its a mass shooting lone wolf bullshit blame it on the asian gf who did nothing?lol build a wall against this white men and woman they rape do mass shootings and main people on welfare jk haha but lets ban white people from owing assault rifles fr fr
Boobs are the main reason female news anchors get hired.
Easy on the trump bashing here youtube
The central question for Europeans is: Will Britain be willing to pay enough money in order to reach an agreement about a transitional period.
Free spins and 200% bonus in joy casino. all license slots. ENJOY\nhttp://joycasino.com/en/?partner=p19470p89602p0130
32:30 Thank you for pushing back on her assertion that donations *didn't* affect how Obama governed. Who was bailed out? Who was in his cabinet?
LOL GIVING THE IRISH GUY SUBTITLES
pokemon or no pokemon, get that money bruuuuh!
From a non amarican perspective, I have say I can see a very biased side here. Like everyone is still upset that trump won.... seriously do the big and rich of amarican always complain this long. Also where are the animated shows ? Rick and Morty, castelvania, avatar......those shows are works of art too you know
Wait, why didn't Kylie show up?
Like Hillsborough? What an insult to those victims!
Send him back
just a random comment but dont you think that the host kinda sounds like Claire from modern family
This is the eye of the storm, can you say that? E-Y-E of the storm? Sure, I knew you could! I love this guy!
Ok all  I told you so aside, can we now actually impeach this man since clearly both political parties think hes insane
Back in the early 2000s I used to work in a record shop in Boston and whenever Juggalos would come in, there was a 99.9% chance they would get caught trying to steal....wait for it....ICP cds.  Without fail, Every. Single. Time.  These people are a drain on society and their music of choice is awful.
Body Language Analysis No. 4057: Steve Bannon's 60 Minutes Interview - Nonverbal and Emotional Intelligence\nhttp://www.bodylanguagesuccess.com/2017/09/body-language-analysis-no-4057-steve.html
Trending ... YouTube propaganda at its finest .
Don't believe everything you see on TV.
Tf is up with her masculine ass face, who the hell is this tranny?
Most uber drivers are poor migrants from eastern europe and middle east, it makes sense to ban Uber so locals can do traditional cab jobs for higher pay.\n\nThis also reduce the number of jobs in that sector so the migrant workers can go back to their own country.
The type of people who used to rant about Pizza Gate now have a lot of theories about the Vegas shooting.
Oh, so supporting a Presidential candidate (who fucking won BTW) is wrong?  The playing of the National Anthem is A Scam, well FUCK YOU, you overpaid actor!  The NFL needs to enforce their own rules about conduct by players during the National Anthem, which basically states that players will stand...  You remember the Dixie Chicks?  Well, they kept bashing another Republican President and look what happened to their careers.  The First Amendment ONLY applies to the Government.. not private companies, where you don't have freedom of speech.  If you say something against company policy, you can be fired.  Everyone has the right of free speech but they better be willing to accept the consequences of that speech.
Its a shame to see all of that in ruins very soon, but rocket man wants it! Families will reunite again in the south!
Las Vegas Concert Shooting Deadliest Mass Shooting in US History ?  Um No crackers https://espressostalinist.com/genocide/native-american-genocide/   and   December 29, 1890  worst shooting in History the U.S. Government shot and killed over 290 UNARMED Native's at school, including over 200 women and children. How quickly we forget history.
And finally something exciting and worth of attention in a stupid boring baseball game!
Very real news! Liberals are hopping mad!
The rich people of America are all butt hurt lol f this Fox news guy. \n  Trump is bringing hope to America again! !!!
More! Where are the whole versions of those mesmeric clips?
Kelly is great...who doesn't love watching a clown, just waiting for the fool to show up.
 
I didn't know water was stylish
Trump Pence 2020
Thank You Mr. Hansen for telling the truth.
So... why'd it become popular?
Not even going to watch this. That's how revolting listening to Kellyann is.
loolll
Iconic
Trudeau is a traitor and an idiot
what would happen if he jumped lol would he just fly away
Guys how do I promote my channel?
This man obviously has his facts confused.
Ever hear of the saying never cry wolf? What happens when/if it does crack
Free spicer!
The media.... isn't it hurricane season??
Mfers runnin a train on us
Looks like it could be a lot of fun, actually.
Its trending because kellyanne came out of her hole, in the White House.
Radical islamic terrorism a culture in UK
He is sweet but the mother is sitting there not saying anything. Why didnt she get her sweet little girl popcorn?
The DR guards looks black to me... how ironic...
This was created before he died
Yall Got me crying all ready this morning! Thankyou for teaching those Babies to SING their hearts out!!!
I wonder how many of the opponents of not standing during the playing of the National Anthem (NA) get up off their couches and stand when the NA is played? It's what you do when no one's around that shows one's true character. Talk is cheap.
You've been on my mind just like a drug.
Literally looks like a COD map.
Look at the variety.  If they are way diverse, of course the vendor didn't grow all of them.  Nobody ever said that a fruit or veggie vendor had to be the grower.  If they didn't sell it, the farmers who produced it wouldn't be able to sell as much.  How's that for an industry secret?  You guys are nasty.  Interfering with someone's livelihood.
Wow, they are still alive.
Taser worked perfectly in this case, although that driver1(Haymaker Hank) had a right to be pissed...he at least got to make his point with driver 2 (Knuckleeater).
Hollyshittt !!! At 3:07 you can see Natsuki Hanae aka the voice actor of Ken Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul and 9S from Nier Automata
hahahahahahahahahaha!
Youtube failing at the algorithm again! Lol 
Being ruff with a lady...queers do that sort of thing...
the krusty krab pizza is the pizza for you and me
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
#Olivesmatter
Can anyone tell me if it hit Wicklow, my mom was from there
What the fuck is going on over there at BBC haha
Lol dang he cute tho
I'm calling it , yellow stone volcano is gonna erupt
Praying for my home state
Oh but she's not ashamed she caused the deaths of many pow's in vietnam prison camps by handing the the help us note passed to her by an american pow to the camp comnander....oh no not sorry about murder only gonna jump on the weinsteinband wagon to pretend to be concerned about sexual assault...but wait....thats her career....PRETENDING...LYING..... for a living.fuck you hanoi jane you are a murderer. ..a legendary traitor...if you don't believe me people google it! !!!!
California having 8.1
Lmao why all these republicans looking for hollywood videos and just spam the comments guy's can you get a life already no one gives an F about what you think . And the whole illuminati hollywood shi** is so funny you guy's are so desperate you're blaming conspiracy theories that literally don't make any sense just like you're orange president you're so sad . These comments kinda make me think of all republicans in a certain way but I know y'all are not that mental . The whole hollywood is bad and hollywood is demons ... keep saying that next day you're in the nearest movie theater watching the huge movies so yep we see who's smart and who's tired
This is the face of the Democrat party. The dumbest candidate EVER to run for ANY office. She stood for nothing....she did nothing....and she got NOTHING!
*FAKE NEWS*
That is weird, I've now seen 3 black guys speaking fluent Japanese in less than a week. 2 on this video, & one on some PBS show about Japanese textiles.
Funny how they essentially admitted to not publishing stories about him to protect him.
Thanks Obama
I have replied to lots of comments. I have no life.
Missing the point you billionaire prick. A live is important no matter what. It's not a contest you fucking idiot.
it's a round business, everyone gets a cut.
Disgusting and pathetic is Cowgirl Wilson's voting record on military issues....military cuts into her voting base, unemployed, welfare, EBT cards and Obama cell phones....she's a liar and this is an all time low of liberal democrats....pathetic
THE JUICE IS LOOSE MY NIGGAZ
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
Thank you for your serivce.  my foot hurt too  It's not unconstitution to kneel during the Anthem, but is it morally right to disrespecting the men and women had fallen for this nation.  It's like spitting at the face of those whom had served this nation. What about those who are serving 3000 miles away, turn on their tv to watch their favorite American sport and see the disgrace that these nfl players disrespecting them.
Giving Hillary airtime and mindshare instead of Bernie, when the former is busy profiting from book sales and interviews and the latter is attempting to introduce Universal Health Care and actively fighting Trump. smdh
Just for the record burning your tickets only lets us know the protest is working... you are getting agitated. I love it
I hope all the Peaples survive from the horricane
Lmao, its fun watching NBC keep her around until they find away to get rid of savannah Guthrie!
Antifa
I thought something cool was going to happen when the lady put her hand down; but she never did.
45 year old men painting their face is a crime...being ass clowns
all the news people are like bummed out because it lost power and didn't destroy enough.
They all sit back and watch this country burn then give interviews to the press basically saying the president is unfit for office! Bunch of cowards.
Before they used to say saudi women cant vote saudi arabia is a backward country then women started voting,then they said women cant drive saudi arabia is a backward country, now women cant drive whats next?
Whuuuuut. Y'all need to calm,
Amen Brother! Way to take a stand!
So many talentless hacks are 'stars' nowadays lol. Go actually make something instead of emoting all the time
I'm ashamed of my country
monopoly man don't wear a monicl
Let's not jump to conclusions folks, the perpetrator could be from any number of world relig.. and its Muslims.
How is this trending?
I wish it was possible that the whole Fucking State of California would burn down, but without the Loss of Life! --- With Love from the Midwest! ---
Beautiful hearted and minded people of Catalonia, tomorrow I hope you'll open the door for freedom. All my prayers are with you!
Those assholes...
14:20 the ultimate Alpha males.
I want to be at Hillary's party on Trump's impeachment night. Oh and Trumpanzees, it's a WHEN not an IF :)
This man is obviously under a great amount of stress, he seems sincerely upset, but it's almost like he is being instructed on what and what not to say..I think maybe he is a bit embarrassed by the different time lines that he had given, my question is where is this security guard??? Where are all the surveillance videos? Why has the girlfriend not given a interview? I would like to hear her answer the question.. where you aware of all the guns your boyfriend was stock piling in the home you two shared?  She of all people would be able to give a more in depth description of Stephen Paddock.. Another thing that I find strange is Stephen Paddocks brother..Eric, the one who gave the insane interviews! My prayers continue to go out to the Victims from that horrible night
Coming from Texas hope y'all are ok.
Fuck you Bob Costas. This is not about race. Stop insulting our intelligence. Average Americans don't like to watch millionaire athletes disrespect the flag. It's not complicated. You fucking know players are doing this to give working class Americans the finger. I've watched you my whole life, have great memories of your excellent sports analysis and commentary. But to hear you parroting this arrogant condescending shit is just sickening. So I will tell you once again to go fuck yourself because I've lost all respect for you.
Both broken windows are in the double suite he rented . Someone was with him and he came down 32 floors with no one seeing him ? Just think about the facts before you believe every crack pot post on line . If he had someone with him why would they hide it? They sealed the floor off and then evacuated all the people on it before they broke down his door .Where is the other guy ? He may have had help but can you for god's sake wait for some proof before you post shit from no sources with no proof.
Why don't they put their money where there knee is? If they really want to be effective, why don't they raise money for the victims they are protesting for?
cringe interview
No OIL, No Freedom mofus\n-Murican
MASS SHOOTING ON THE VEGAS STRIP!!! AND LOOK WHO JUST GOT OUT OF PRISON!!! O.J. IS A TERRORIST!!! O.J IS A TERRORIST!!!!
americans who support owning automatic  weapon - seem to have the wisdom of a conesnail
Wow and I thought it didn't get any worse than being a fucking commie but there ya go all these fucking celebrities are all pieces of shit that won't even stand up for their fellow actresses can't wait for California to break off in an earthquake so we can have a fucking rational west coast again
Targeted we don't know if anyone was targeted. He shot out of a window from 300 yards with an AR. (Or LMG) there's no way you would've seen the person you were trying to kill, unless it was Jason Aldean.
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
truly heartbreaking stay strong Mexico
    ?!
CNN is so easy to mess with.
My middle school was an old Fallout Shelter and still has the sign on the building.
In Australia: 13 gun massacres in 18 years prior to the gun-buyback.  In the 15 years after the gun-buyback there have been 0.\n\nWhile 13 gun massacres (the killing of 4 or more people at one time) occurred in Australia in the 18 years before the NFA, resulting in more than one hundred deaths, in the 14 following years (and up to the present), there were no gun massacres.\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA (1989-1995), the average annual firearm suicide death rate per 100,000 was 2.6 (with a yearly range of 2.2 to 2.9); in the seven years after the buyback was fully implemented (1998-2004), the average annual firearm suicide rate was 1.1 (yearly range 0.8 to 1.4).\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate per 100,000 was .43 (range .27 to .60) while for the seven years post NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate was .25 (range .16 to .33).\n\nThe drop in firearm deaths was largest among the type of firearms most affected by the buyback.\n\nhttp://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/gun-control-australia-updated/
Maybe the earthquake can hit hollywood and clean up those trump haters with nothing else to do.
I AM SO SORRY ! YOU ARE ALL IN MY PRAYERS. IM JUST SPEACHLESS AND HEART BROKEN ! I DON'T UNDERSTAND ! IM SORRY FOR ALL OF YOUR HURT AND PAIN ! THESE EVIL PEOPLE WILL GET WHAT THEY DESERVE , BELIEVE ME !
fucking people these days who doesn't like boobs? who doesn't like something so beautiful that nurtures life. Many people get so damn offended these days just for they can have a reason to act hateful to people. Its not like he said I love hitler lmao people need to calm down.
This guy knows everything he just acts liks he doesnt... Plus i believe their was alot of other ppl planned on this massacre. His brother didnt shoot all those ppl with no motive, there was something wrong with that guy plus.. What if he threatened the casino to bomb it if he wouldnt let him do his Mission I heard paddock was crazy...
RESERVE YOUR SPOT WITH VAULT-TEC, TODAY!!!
well done boys, #47 on the trending list....letshgetit
Was that Lee Nelson again?
Global warming
It's still a GREAT book
John Kelly is once again forced out into public to clean up the mess Trump started,\neven if Kelly has to lie.
Megyn was really feeling Russell. XX
What drone did you use? :)
Holy shit. Looks like they dropped a Tac nuke on the place. :(
So when Neo-Nazis are protesting and yelling their racist shit it's protected by the first amendment. Not a lot of people like Neo Nazis, but we acknowledge their right to free speech. When players say that they won't stand for the remarks that their president makes, and they kneel during a song when they should be remembering how great their nation is, there is mass outcry from the right. I understand. The flag is sacred. So is freedom of speech. Be offended in private and remember that they don't kneel for themselves, but for the people who are being hurt by their commander in chief. They simply have a stage/platform where they can show their community's belief. See both sides instead of being so enclosed. I think that should be a stance everyone can agree on in the political war in the comments section and furthermore, in the United States.
Comunist propaganda media BBC is happy that London dropped the license for Uber, what a surprise...
They both are overrated
Another icon bites the dust
Trump supporters in the comments How can someone ridicule a person who just been through something like this?! while Trump constantly attacks McCain over and over again who just found out his brain cancer is most likely going to kill him. \n\nI am glad Mr. Scalise is back, but Trump supporters are hypocrites to the end.
Natzis hated this video
The only thing suspicious is the fact that the video footage has not been released. I think it is very possible that there is no conspiracy but that the lack of information is due to there still being suspects who might have known about his plans. regarding motive that is still the biggest question.
Lol
Couldn't hardly listen to go rest high on that mountain. Played that at my grandfather and great grandmothers funerals. God bless the victims of this terrible act of evil, and god bless this great nation and assist us in condemnation of acts of terror such as what we experienced.
I like to take a moment to appreciate the sound design work that went into this work as it was excellent.
More Matt,... More,.......\nLonger, lower.  Land that rover and plant the flag :)))))
Yea, 'cause we have to spell out boobs because it's such a fucking dirty word.  What a dumb broad.  What are you, fucking Mormon?  Do you have 7 sister wives?  Stop acting all high and mighty.  It makes you look stupid.
i honestly do not care whatsoever
Dunold tunp is awsone
Finally a white man with some sense not just following the MAN these the americans i identify with glad to be texan
They all fucking knew, I swear.
Why are we talking about the JV team on espn lol
Donald Trump caused this
Why is this trending?
SUPPORT FROM ALBANIA\nFreedom to Catalonia
I don't like it.... Men use Dove too you know you bitches!
I think shes behind this for sure!!!
There houses are so cheap
Oj didn't do anything
Aint the fruit or vegetable grown in a farm. Who cares
Thats really funny
we hebrew brothers love you juice
Great speech and a great way to represent us as the American people.
You poor self indentified  silly muther fuckers
The downfall has begun, melting permafrost is terrible for the environment.
What are you doing?  I'm a Professor!  Well....Professor.  It appears your definition of walking is different from the rest of the world.
Such incredible BS that people still fall for...wake up you've been duped again.
That's amazing!!
In defense of snoop tho, you also miss the point. Its the power of the triplet and the fact that it makes the lyrics of rappers these days undermined by the flow that Snoop Dogg is calling out to.
What the actual fuck. Who raised this man
What a fool.
HAARP
The irony is lost on them.
End results of swinging lifestyle and gangbangs. 
Whats up with the Dakotas at 1:14? Anybody know why theres such a difference between those states and Nebraska?
The Bill Maher reference was really distasteful
if someone wants to pay another person to drive them somewhere that is their right, why does government have to get involved
But what happens when real cracks form
Estpido Trump.\nMejor vienen de Alemania,Israel, Panam, Venezuela y otros lugares a ayudarnos ,y t qu haces?\nSorry.
people got so sensitive over something so small that they don't even think the bigger problems the world is facing right now.\nwomen of different colors are celebrated in this ad. so stop complaining
Haha so cute....still a thief though :)
nothing but crap news
Did anyone kniw aboutthis ! Did you guys know that you can control the camera (view/angles) by navigativting your finger on the screen like a mouse . It really moves the camera 360!!!!! You can see the building all around you literaly.  Tf!Did anyone else know about this ? Lol
Very interesting
It's about time we finally recognize this thing, it's irritating that everyone and every song sounds the same
Divide and conquer.  Conquer then divide some more. Thanks evil govts!
White policeman's jobs and not hard you're never in danger. When all your job is to do is shoot down black people you're not human
Stop panoramic
Poor man, he had the life sucked out of him.
Good news, fuck uber !!!
Its a sign of Jewish degeneracy and a population of low iq subhumans.
dyok6.dyok6  5op
She is So beautiful!! and so true!
Random 64 year old white guy with no criminal background, no history of mental illness and was a friendly man got a hold of 23 rifles and randomly shot into a crowd of people. Seems very fishy, Remember not to take whatever you see on the news as the narrative, think for yourself.
Stupid whites always doing mass shootings
omgs that is TOOO CUTE!!
How about you shut up about Corbyn and get on with your job and talk about your policies and plans. Or is she just going to keep complaining like a child
This guy reminds me of Nicolas Cage.
...comments about her inability, or perceived inability to comment about sports because of her gender...\nWell she had to shut down a whole conversation because she was triggered by just hearing the word boobs  so yeah, she's unfit to comment about sports.
I think it's repetition makes it easy to get into your head , so if someone hears songs with rhymes and repeating words , it's easy to remember .
Hitler
No affiliation, no religion, no politics. He never cared about any of that stuff, the gunman's brother, Eric Paddock, told reporters as he alternately wept and shouted. He was a guy who had money. He went on cruises and gambled.\n\nTo the people saying religion or politics played into this. It didnt. His brother said what I stated above.
Many Political comments from a interesting phenomenon.
This is President Trump's America now. Great job... ya fascist bigots. She clearly did nothing wrong    Racism hello??
White people are dumb all of white people need to go back to their Homeland America was stolen and they're proud of it killing 70 million Native Americans 100 million blacks and they're proud of it
FALSE FLAG
Fawk this show. Waste of time.
global warming
news
I can't help but wonder where you spend your eternity and did anyone tell you the sinners prayer in your old age or did they just like you for your money
Did he forget that the republican party shutdown the government? He is a HUGE hypocrite
Kinda a weird time to visit Mexico City, in light of the disasters there's. Also weird to see Teotihuacan that empty. It's typically full of people, best of luck Mexico, God bless!
Hell no not this long hair dude again. Viceeeeeeeeeeeeee
If the people over in the UK want to ride in uber taxis, they should be free to do so. If the women fear being raped by an uber driver, they will stop using their services and uber will go out of business due to lack of customers. From what I understand, there are actually less rapes and sexual assaults reported against uber drivers than there are with your black cab drivers. This shows it's all about money and power. Apparently the owner of black cab has influence with the government to shut down his competition that is offering a service at a lower price.
What's wrong with saying \nmother nature
When will she stop with all the lying?
It just breaks my heart
I'm too sure why people are so annoyed, if Uber hadn't been cutting corners for years they wouldn't be in this situation
Pathetic. Paul Ryan is too comfortable being a bottom boy
How sick
Wow that's seriously messed up...like WTF China, making people scared that might die...yea so fun!
Hahahaa
Poor Frida, how many times can the CNN news story lead with how the Mexicans lied or got it wrong about a poor little girl name Frida that doesnt really exist was trapped in the rubble.  CNN watchers will start to sense weakness, fear and decline when a news agency soooo blatantly is trying to save face on terrible fact checking by tripling down on poor FRIDA.  Just terrible, terrible news reporting.   How about the fact the whole Russian scandal is now starting to turn back on the previous administration in more clear ways than any actual evidence of any real influence or collusion.  People are not stupid.  Start doing your jobs are go out of business!
Videos for this have been done and done and done months ago by many channels lol... late
More original content than pewdiepie
I wonder what dog tastes like nigga
Billions of dollars in education @ NG and all you come up with for location is China?
If you listen to her, she is an arrogant, elitist snob. She was a joke as first lady. All she did was take the taxpayers for millions as she took one vaccation after another for 8 years. She knows more about pork chops than she does about policy.
Gosh, no idea what this shit is, but it sure seems like a hulk of trump's rhetorical bullshit. Pretty sure he better cover better shit than this though. I'd rather see his ass go towards the FEMA camps being set up in the Rockies so he can send all the shit of the nation down there, that is, if that's necessary. Hey, we need a few jesters here and there for the population of 327 million Americans! FEMA camps will just take that entertainment away and instead make us their jesters. I mean, if you are up for the job of being a bitch and getting GMO cock pumped up your ass with gay chemicals and snake oil hormones by the government.
thank you for the video, but I have a question:\n\nis the concept of seeing masculinity per se as toxic really that prevalent? the vibe that I got from the term so far was it being used for situations in which men acted in a truly off-putting manner, e.g. one guy punching his friend in the arm full force as a gesture of bro banter, which I agreed just looked fucking creepy. the guy getting punched was clearly uncomfortable and in pain, but tried to act unimpressed so as not to lose face in front of his hyper-masculine friend. that is what I think toxic masculinity is commonly used to denote. I really don't have the impression masculinity per se is generally seen as a negative thing by most people even on the progressive left.\n\nwould be thankful for other people's perspectives. cheers. edit in case it means anything: I live in europe, not america.
Hurricane my ass, it was nothing but a normal irish day. The media lying to us as usual, exaggerating things and placing the masses in a state of panic and worry. How easy we are all controlled.
So BBC who did it ? Oh that's right fake news .
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL CLICK THIS LINK -> www.youtube.com/channel/UCKSD1NHl06lQkEjtieAcACg  SUBSCRIBE IS FREE
Trump 2020
JESUS LOVES YOU.  HE is the ONLY and LIVING GOD. He Wants to help you. He is your Savior. If you are tired of everything, pray to Him. He will hear and answer you. HE IS YOUR FATHER....
And everything went fine...\n\nuntil they all started trying to herd each other.
The particular fetal doppler handyhlle baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors app makes hearing with regard to your baby's heart defeat an entertaining and social experience\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
https://youtu.be/k8B366HiHPs\nClick on link for the TRUTH
Where's Hillary Clinton on this??\nWhere are the Democraps? \nHe is a high Democrap donor!!
You've been on my mind just like a drug.
Only a selfish person would ask to speak to the president while he was making a personal phone call to the widow of a fallen soldier. Even more selfish and unprofessional to want to take away the phone and curse him out while the widow is grieving.

It was a Category 1 storm. Ive sat through worse in my trailer.
Maybe the earthquake can hit hollywood and clean up those trump haters with nothing else to do.
Jemele Hill is a racist
And here we observe a wild Simon Brodkin in his natural habitat
who gives a fuck  about this nigger
Yay theyre finally making a park just for my favorite fruit, apples.
RESERVE YOUR SPOT WITH VAULT-TEC, TODAY!!!
uuuummm. Ahhhhh... Inclusiveness...Ummm. Feminism.....Ahhhh, ummm... Aboriginals.....Ummm... Islamophobia....Ummm, ahhh. Clown Prince of Canada, short bus window licker.
I'm confused. At first it was reported that the girlfriend was in Australia. Then I hear she's in Tokyo. Then all of a sudden she's in the Philippines. Is this just bad reporting? Or is she seriously hopping around to all these places?
Where is Kylie??
This is a sign of the end times but ya know with all the beefing, fighting, arguing and hatred going around, events like this remind us that we're all human at the end of the day. We all are susceptible to suffering, death, all these things. We shouldn't treat other people like they are anything different from a friend. We all are the same at our core. Short, tall, black, white, Jewish, Asian anything. God loves us all the same.
Thank you for renewing my pride as a Texan, Dale.
When a Muslim commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Muslims.  When an African American commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all African Americans.  When a Hispanic commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Hispanics.  But when a white guy commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame everyone else.
Well my granpa did tell me it's bad, 100 deaths, not as much as 10,000 deaths, but still
Wow shiny
*GO TRUMP*
Trump caused this probably....No joke American has tools to cause earthquakes remotely
...
Sleazy
Cause nobody cares to hear what G I TRAITOR HANOI JANE has to say. Leave it to CNN to interview an American traitor
Meghan is an idiot
 can we be serious idgaf about your cafecito! I miss when we had real meteorologist who actually predicted correctly where storms would go.
Fear profiting and then they joke about it later.
Great article:\nhttp://havindex.com/index.php/2017/10/16/tell-me-why-you-are-mad-protesting-the-protest/
That sounds like an insensitive thing to say.
Shut the fuck dumb old man
Pretty simple, I will not watch or support ESPN until they fire the race baiting Jemele Hill.
Terrible tattoo at 4:11. I cringed.
biggest troll 2017
Trending cause it's funny like most trump spoofs
Soooooooo much misinformation in this video. Typical liberal vid, no knowledge on guns whatsoever.
You can ban bump fire stocks, but they are 3d printable, so you won't be able to stop a person who wants to kill alot of people. Again more policies being pushed that would accomplish nothing.
chill you fucking libtards, hes kidding ....fuck you people cry about everything
What about the flashing lights on the 12th floor?? Plenty of videos showing it
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 
God bless the readers of this comment. I bring you the good news of the gospel of Christ. Jesus Christ (God in the flesh / Gods son and 2nd in the Holy trinity )Loves you more Than we humans can imagine! The true and only living God created mankind for us to love and be loved by him. But man went astray following Satans crafty lies and causing sepetation from man and God. From mankind and salvation from Sins power. The wages of sin is eternal death and damnation. Satan fell from Gods Love and Grace and became envious and corrupted by sin. God banished satan and his Angels that followed after him and created for them an eternal seperation from light and and God. Hell. Satan deceived man and made him to fall into the same sin he did and has been deceiving mankind since the beginning of creation. Satan rules this world through sin and all those who follow after this world and sinful ways will go down to the pit with their master satan. But praise be unto God!! For he saw mans affliction and with the greatest display of TRUE LOVE he made a way for us to be freed from sins damnation and power. JESUS CHRIST lived a perfect sin free life(The only human to ever do so) Scripture says he was a man and was tempted with like pleasures as we are. Even more so for satan sought always to destroy him and to make him stumble. BUT CHRIST Did not stumble! He pushed on through the pain and he took upon Himself the iniquity and sin of all mankind! He became cursed for us and took our punishment! He was ridiculed, beaten and mocked. He was perfect and loved even those who crucified him and yet he was and is to this day hated slandered and despised by mankind. All those who walk in the darkness hate the light says the scriptures. He was tortured beyond that of any man so that he was unrecognizable says the book of Isaiah.He was then crucified on the cross and died carrying upon himself the sin of all people! Father forgive them for they know not what they do were the words of Christ well hanging on the cross being mocked by his enemies and murderers. He died on the cross and was taken 3 nights and 3 days into hell. But being of no sin himself he condemned sin in the flesh defeating sin and it's power of death by RISING FROM THE DEAD AND ASCENDING UNTO THE FATHER!!! Praise Jesus! The Lord was with his disciples 40 days after rising from the dead and was seen by over 500 witness. He then told his disciples he must go unto to the father so the the HELPER (HOLY SPIRIT OF GOD. #3 in the holy trinity)may come upon them and unto all men. So now all mankind now had a way to be saved from hell and sin and death and to be loved eternally by a perfect creator in heaven for ever! The bible says this. Romans 10:9 That if thou wilt confess with your mouth thatJesus is lord and believe in your heart that God hath raised him from the dead, you shall be saved John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son. So that whosever believe that in him ,shall not perish but have eternal life 1John 1:9 If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousnesswas Acts 1:8  But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth. We must then continue in His ways! Follow God with all your heart and lean not unto your own understanding.\nPut your faith in Christ today and pray this prayer with all your heart!\nFather, I know that I have broken your laws and my sins have separated me from you. I am truly sorry, and now I want to turn away from my past sinful life toward you. Please forgive me, and help me avoid sinning again. I believe that your son, Jesus Christ died for my sins, was resurrected from the dead, is alive, and hears my prayer. I invite Jesus to become the Lord of my life, to rule and reign in my heart from this day forward. Please send your Holy Spirit to help me obey You, and to do Your will for the rest of my life. In Jesus' name I pray, Amen.\nJesus is coming very soon! The scriptures say so to those who have ears to hear and the signs say so to those who have eyes to see! Be blessed in Christs peace of eternal life!The rapture(harpazo) is imminent!! Caught away in a flash will be the bride of Christ! The wise virgins! The True followers of Christ will be taken into heaven in glory with Jesus Christ and then this world will get very bad. The book of Revelation will tell you. Put your faith in Christ now! You do not want to be here for the Anti christs reign and Gods wrath.\nJesus bless all of those who read this in your name Jesus Amen!Maranatha
Wasn't that bad, with a good save.
It wasn't like he said I believe in only two things completely - the First Amendment and big boobs.
All this shit is happening on our skin people
White shooter - mental illness\nBrown shooter - terrorist attack
Since no one has asked yet, why is this trending?
This fake ass joker lmao
what smart old guy .. sold his properties a year early even before the gold digger mistresses get a pie
Wtf how is that racist
Saudi government must make a separate lanes for women\nWe all know how women drive cars
The FBI should be talking because he clearly knows nothing and tell him nothing. It's like a hospital receptionist performing a surgery. HOPELESS
My favorite broken record!.......ain't he something!.............hopelessly lost in a world of yak yak!
norf poorea, just another failing komunist dumpster. leftist filth is using this friend of theirs against a conservative president. isn't it funny that the worst thing a komunist suka can think of accusing someone with is being associated with komunist fitlh? or being threatened by a small, irrelevant garbage state? wake tf up
He is a coward! The whole party are repugnant to democracy by allowing 45 to destroy the dignity of the presidency.
I guess spain isnt so democratic.
Wow just stand there pointing at it... fail
I'm not really a fan of their stuff,  but the labeling is wrong and hopefully is carefully reviewed by the authorities. Someone at a desk somewhere came up with this stupid idea. Typical government employees...
Mother Nature : It's just a prank bro
The first 10 seconds was my favorite part.
Yeah... If this was kosher I wonder why people were being told not to record.
As an American I support a united Spain.\nShame on these separatist radicals.
It looks great till u look and notice the city IS FUCKING EMPTY. There's nobody fucking there Whose this shit fooling. The building locations don''t even make sense fuck u
what smart old guy .. sold his properties a year early even before the gold digger mistresses get a pie
WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK
this little girl probably ate most of it...she keep getting more pretty fast
Super weird
Boycott the NFL.  Fuck these privileged libtard athletes,  let them go get a job at McDonalds.
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=90308
This is why you shouldn't be a Yankees fan.\nGo Sox!
I'm sure the FBI would of loved to done this to hippies back in the day!!! And it's as stupid as saying deadheads are a gang..
dyok6.dyok6  5op
Kim is slim now
Islam needs to be wiped off the planet
Other Videos show mussel flashes in sync with the shooting sounds around the 4th floor.  Paddock was apparently shooting guns from the 32nd floor..yet no one saw any mussel flashes from that location. We all assume this, because he was found dead in that upper suite with some weapons, but this does not prove 100% that he shot those guns at the crowd. What main stream wants us to believe and what actually happened are different narratives. Its always a text book, crazy lone gun man,  who then commits suicide. Sorry, don't buy it! There is more too this event than meets the eye.
Why is 10 seconds of nothing in the Trending tab?
TRUMP LIFE
staged
Lmaoo this senile fuck is better than comedy channel
Enuf CBCthe new may inquiry.puff
Trust me , the minister won't do anything as they promise to look into it .. cuz they just don't like to have more work or maybe it could lead to some of corruption they've been hiding
Trump did this
Roflmao, and yet no body try to see things from mother nature perspective, especially not US. I read something online before and the metaphor was the human beings are the cancer of mother nature. It is 100% true till now :D. destructive and uncontrollable growing
WHY THE HELL IS THIS TRENDING !? STUPID
MAGA
Wow, incredible that as abused as the dominicans were now they're doing the same to haitians
And thats why folks is why i hate summer
The juice is now lose...RIP
so its famous because it was good, was released in the early 60s, and was featured in the New York Times? uh...cant those things be said for just about EVERY good book released in the early 60s? yet most of them fell into obscurity. your logic is not logical...its famous because its a great book, lol.
L' Europe par son silence complice au travers de ce qui se passe en Espagne , dvoile une partie du rideau de fer ! l'Europe est en realit une prison pour ses citoyens enrls de force tel un cheptel que l'on dirige vers sa destination finale,  savoir l'Abattoir !
Funny how as soon as he sees his Xbox he starts crying
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63b_1507062726 people actually died in this one unlike sandy hook click with caution.
Shits just been getting worse
Hollywood actors should reeeeealllyyy stop opening their mouthes....
what's ur dad like? i wanna meet that dad
So they record the fire starting.. But not the people who got off.??  Probably edited 
Thats my name!!!
SILENCERS bill that will put America more in DANGER! \nSportsmen's Heritage and Recreational Enhancement ('SHARE') Act\nA sponsor of the bill, Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., argues that the proposal, called the Hearing Protection Act, is focused on protecting law-abiding gun owners from hearing damage.\nRep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C.\nPhone office : (202) 225-5301
Time to step in Jacob and drag this useless woman from the tiller.
Had to stop it 5 seconds in because of the music. Fail
These f**kheads refuse to stand for the anthem, then call Trump divisive?! The left are absolutely out-of-control. The NFL better cut this shit out or else it's in trouble!
The worst Vox video I have ever watched.  There is nothing overrated about this masterpiece, as the test of time has proven.  Don't make videos about subjects you know nothing about.
He is a moron
Burn down  all the liberals over there please
This is great kids keep up the good work
H.A.A.R.P Weaponized weather wake up folks!
Wtf happened here.... DUH!!
found this quite satisfying
This guy should be a world leader. Like if agree.
Latest figures show that Uber drivers are now responsible for one sex attack in London every week, with sexual assaults by Uber drivers skyrocketing by 50 per cent in just a single year.\nThis is undoubtedly connected to the fact that many of the drivers are from Muslim backgrounds, where immodest women are seen as easy prey. Many of the young women who hire Uber taxis late at night are drunk and in some cases scantily dressed.
Trump doesnt believe in climate change haha
There's a hurricane in Ireland I live in Ireland too ): my dad is away in the hurricane I hope he is okay
Here are the best Youtube dramas to watch. They are 3 different people chasing a spy ring in Congress !!\nGeorge Webb ( Sherlock Holmes 2017 )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrQ-wHKVi0JDWjQGcuoYnew\nDave Action ( Georges Brother )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGtS2-7ebUgGBDjhuZ3k-5g\nCrowd Source the Truth ( Jason Goodman , Georges side kick )\nhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Cl9QaRtuW9CNjP7pP4BBQ\n\nOther Players are :\nRock Hudson , Ex-Deep State\nKing James , Concerned Canadian\nQueen Tut , Jasons Helper\nBrainy Blond , Georges helper\nCharles Ortel , Jasons Business Coach\nEx-FBI Guy , he stays undercover\nand many more \n\nBad Guys :\nThe Spy Ring in Congress\nThe Deep state goons\nAwan Brothers , Central Characters\ntoo many to list
Was watching Las Vegas shooting videos.\nMeanwhile in Canada...
fuk hanoi jane shes a liberal cunt
Paul Ryan and all republicans are weak and a joke. They need backbones. These men are sad.
Ffs
You can't just turn a semi-auto gun into a Machine Gun, even with a bump fire stock.
this show makes me glad I don't live in Canada
subscribe me
I STAND FOR THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION!!!\nNever let a symbol of freedom become more important than the freedom for which it stands for.\nPatriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag. Patriotism is about making this a country where everyone wants to.
Funny people preach gun control.....Literally, you can not buy and own the guns this guy has. He is an old man, so odds are he bought full auto before the laws were changed where civilians can't buy and own full automatic guns. You are begging for laws that already invoked hard. No one can easily get those guns, you can't get full auto without 1 years worth of work filling out permits and only if you own a gun shop and other limitations. Civilians can only buy Semi-automatic weapons.
He probably ate the little girl afterwards lol
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/books/what-to-read/100-novels-everyone-should-read/

These delusional, race obsessed, conflict perpetuating SJWs are such sad people. Addicted to conflict. Addicted to victimhood. They will never know peace.
Some married couples have even have affairs longer than 3 years without getting caught by thier significant other..
Bravo
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
The Chosen People had to much Shekels
that is too cute
dam.....
50 Longshot medals 50 unstoppable medals 500 assistance suicide medals and 1 tactical nuke headshots unknown this guy is MLG Faze up
my family ;(
God I fucking hate commie liberal crybaby news press. YOU LOST GET OVER IT.
Why is everyone bashing Trump?
a lot of you aren't women who have got in ubers by themselves
facts. especially how Donald trump was cool until he ran against Hillary. well. he still is cool to the people that see past the B.S.
Beautiful country, very beautiful but... The most peoples lives good? I think no... 
Prooobably didn't need to smash into his car. Probably.
His name is Simon Brodkin, hes pranked things like Britains Got Talent and even Trump! \n\nHonestly such a funny guy.
You don't get anything out of it as a victim.....WHAT? You get closure and empowerment. If you take off your clothes for a living, please don't complain that men are objectifying you. Lets be real, you aren't taking clothes off for babies or other women, but MEN. Stop doing it. Protest the male entitlement by not participating in it. Say NO to money and keep your dignity.
I still don't understand why it's so famous
Nooo hea going bald!!!
As a German, I really have the most tender feelings for Killary Klinton. She came, she saw, he died (Col. Gaddafi, that is).  Turning Libya more or less single handedly into a failed state and opening the flood gates from 2011 on for all of them well meaning refugees from Nigeria to Bangladesh. That woman is really an achiever.  The good people of Italy will probably root for her also. \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgcd1ghag5Y.\n\nHEHEHEHEHEH! Kudos to her sex pest husband too!\n\nUnbelievable...
His ticket was provided by United. And From Megyn Kelly. I ain't taking them tickets, I don't trust it haha
Bump stocks are just fun you don't need a bump fire stock to bump fire you can use you hand to even bump fire
videos of taxi driver has multiple shooters you can even see one in drivers mirror,4th floor videos of gun shots ,videos of police officer firing into crowd as they are trying to escape ...you morons want to believe all this ...got help us !! and for you protecting the guilty you can lie to us all you want but you just lost your ticket to salvation ...
I dont want the hate mail so....yayyy for them
Bring on the revolution!!!!!
And the ting goes........
Such a heartbreaking attack
I've said this and i'll say it again, I blame the jews.
If you dont like what the country is doing then leave
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
I can't believe I used to listen to ICP when I was a teen. Their music is original, that's for sure. I haven't heard their stuff in 16 years. I really liked some of their songs.
She is a leftist monster. So much hatred for the United States - it's terrible
About time Fox News stopped sucking donalds dick
United, delta and NOW... Southwest Airlines???!!!?!?!??!
Gracias soy de Puebla Capital Estuvo fuerte :(
*I fapped to the anchor. She's hot!*
Politics are killjoy enough? Why is it in everything?
i am from wexford and me grandmother is there right now i feel terrible
Shouldnt their be bulletproof glass or sum shit instead of a net
He is so fake and phony.........there is a crazy man in the office and he defends him?  So on his iPod is everything from ACDC to Zepplin..........one group which plays with themes of Devil Worship and Satanic leaning even with horns and tails on one album with lyrics that speak to this and the other group saying to worship Satan when you run one of their most famous songs backwards.  Then the same people who support him talk about President Obama inviting Common, (a positive rapper),  to the White House, describing him as a thug?
As a met fan, I'm glad they're doing something right. Only people getting injured in that stadium are the players
There go those pesky Buddhists at it again
Looks outdated
hshshdhd
Sweet 
He interviewed this same guy twice?
lmfao at anyone who thought this was actually gonna devastate anything. Florida experiences hurricanes quite frequently. As a result, most houses are built to last through a hurricane of substantial power. The media definitely overplayed this one lol
Honey have you seen the boat anywhere????
      !
food for thought on the shooting. its been many years that its against federal law to buy an automatic weapon, or modify one for the average person. with that in mind the state, or states that went against federal law and allowed companies to manufacture and sell illegal weapon modifactions that in a nut shell convert weapons into automatic ones, are not only at fault but intentionally broke the law. personally i think those politicians should be held criminally acountable for breaking the law. then again its been the trend to ignore the writen law in this country and do what we want for some time now, so what we blame the manufacterer for something the state did illegally, or the gun manufacturerer for an illegal modification, allowed by that state, illegally.
Goes to Vegas to see country stars. Ends up in every rap concert ever.
15 billion made last year from the super bowl 23 billion from mother's day. 8 billion dollar difference  that's not a lot tbh Americans love football almost as much as their mothers. the money will continue being made whether you guys like it or not.
The Krusty Krab pizza\n\nIs the pizza

The 2017 Emmy's were the WORST rated in all of HISTORY!!!\n\n
That is amazing. I am so happy that he is making a good recovery.
Because $100 gets you 25+ guns and tons of ammo, and a lifetime of experience on evading the police, that take an hour to get to you. Sure....
He shot through the autopsy and didn't mention the shot to his chest and the mouth shot.
Just ridiculous. I always hated Stephen Colbert because he is simply unfunny and just mean spirited - joke or not - but I do not understand why something for entertainment has to have politics in it. I love all the award shows and I LOVE getting away from the world ... why does politics have to be involved in everything?!!?!
Vox i would like to see a clip where you touch each and every 194 countries and a crisis (political or weather) they are facing, and how fast they can cripple a country. \nIm from kenya and ours is tribalism...
When Police tell you to do something... it is a LAWFUL order.  I fought the law and and law won.....  Heard the song?  It always does.
Cancel this Garbage Show Already before they Divide us even more than Obama did 
IMPOSTER
So is this series gonna be about how everywhere in the world is racist
I think you moved six times and read the book in different curriculums.
The monocle puts this over the top.
Pure evil. How this person could win the popular vote is mind boggling. She is the epitome of all that is wrong with politics and the country in general....along with Obama, Soros, etc. Anyone who voted for her should feel immense shame and regret. This isn't even politics or left vs. right. This is a sad disgusting human being.
Mother nature healing herself
He needs to go to the DMZ and yell, 'Tear down this DMZ zone, Kim, and make Korea one Nation again!
Get them all out of england.fooools
All of you you are stupid and whoever watch the fucks news is stupid. One maniac stupid person said driving effects woman ovaries 4 years ago and you go wipe all saudis with the same brush. Thats plain stupid.
Every. Fucking. Week.
Next year, Hurricane Zeus category 20 45 states in red alert
Poor microphone
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=xmYbniEEb-M
WORLDAASS NEWS. MY REGRETS HUGH
The repetitive liar said in the debate she would accept the results if she lost. She has been whining and blaming everybody ever since.  A devious liar all the way around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgliVyV1WqY
Feel it still? I want to see it
Prayers up
Omg Lee Nelson where have you been xD
selected questions from a weak pm we should be gone already . She should be gone already .
I want to know how many Uber drivers have been involved in sex attacks. Where are the figures? They must be bad.
Love these videos
deep shait, son
HEFFF IM MISS YOU GAVE MY LITTLE BROTHER FIRST PLAYBOY.
Great fucking work! Keep it up.
*DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!*
I can't think of anything to comment, so here's a cinnamon roll recipe: \n\nIngredients\n\nFor the Dough:\n1 cup whole milk\none 1/4-ounce packet active dry yeast (2 1/2 teaspoons)\n1/4 cup plus 1/4 teaspoon granulated sugar\n4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl\n1 large egg yolk\n1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\n2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more if needed\n3/4 teaspoon salt\n1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\nFor the Filling:\nAll-purpose flour, for dusting\n12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan\n1/2 cup granulated sugar\n3 tablespoons ground cinnamon\nFor the Glaze:\n2 cups confectioners' sugar\n1/3 cup heavy cream\n4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\n\nDirections\n\nMake the dough: Warm the milk in a medium saucepan over low heat until it reaches about 100. Remove from the heat and sprinkle in the yeast and 1/4 teaspoon sugar (don't stir). Set aside until foamy, 5 minutes. Whisk in the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla.\n\nWhisk the flour, the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the salt and nutmeg in the bowl of a stand mixer. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Mix on low speed with the dough hook until thick and slightly sticky. Knead on medium speed until the dough gathers around the hook, 6 minutes. (Add up to 2 more tablespoons flour if necessary.)\n\nRemove the dough and shape into a ball. Butter the mixer bowl and return the dough to the bowl, turning to coat with butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 1 hour 15 minutes.\n\nRoll out the dough, fill and cut into buns (see instructions below). Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking pan; place the buns cut-side down in the pan, leaving space between each. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 40 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325.\n\nBake the buns until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Cool in the pan 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the glaze: Sift the confectioners' sugar into a bowl, then whisk in the cream and melted butter. Transfer the buns to a rack and spoon the glaze on top while still warm.\n\nHow to Form Cinnamon Buns\n\n1. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 12-by-14-inch rectangle with the longer side facing you.\n\n2. Spread with the softened butter, leaving a 1/2-inch border on the far long edge. Mix the sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle over the butter.\n\n3. Brush the unbuttered far edge with water. Roll the dough away from you into a tight cylinder and press on the long edge to seal.\n\n4. Cut the cylinder with a sharp knife to make 6 equal-size buns.
What a shame this libtard is.
All of the examples of rap mentioned here are shit.
I am watching from London all the efforts Catalans are making pro democracy. It is great, wonderful. I love Catalans, I love my country.\nViva Catalunya, Visca els catalans i Visca la llibertat!!
His best quote from this interview, Stop running on energy from negativity.
I must say, I am disappointed. Though I am not surprised, he isn't any brighter than the idiot president. Demagogue, in the flesh.
Cavuto will never reach him. It is a fool who looks for humanity in the heart of Donald Trump. His supporters are cult members so he'll never reach them either. Yet Fox News viewers will all vote for Trump again in 2020. What a worthless segment.
FAKE NEWS
Today two of chickens were attack by a coyote\n\nI would like to say I loved them \n\nThis had to happen right when they were starting to lay eggs
Cali might be next
Fire that referees ass for match fixing
The fact that the view has a segment called the political view shows how brainwashed our country really is.
#Netflixisajoke
only if her harem leader allows it
Man he got some girl genes.
Please set up a Twitter for him! we need to see more of this scientist
You do know we have personal drivers right? And your telling me we are backwards 
Tourist?I think that was a tour guide lol,flag and all
No she lost the election because u lyed about everything u said u we're going to do
All raised by crazy cat ladies who couldn't find a man.  This is not ok.
Fuck your tragedy. Fuck your putaerta ricone - the island of putas. What you produced exactly from 1970-s to 2017? Mixed nigro faggy families? Cocaine, crime. That's what you produced exactly for all the time. You stupid lazy bastards deserve to DIE. Fuck your shitty nagging crying crap : Mnja mnja mnja Tvump do no gonna hevp puevto rico!!!1111 Fuck all of you stupid apes. \n\nWe have a TRAGEDY in Texas. Peoples who is actually hard working for feeding you, lazy bastards. This peoples paying taxes for your motherfuckin'  food stamps, roads, electricity, internet, EXACTLY FOOD. And of course YOUR benefits. I wish you all gonna die motherfuckin niggers. By the way Whole South America hates you. Your stupid nigro island same as fuckin Cuba. Have exactly nothing, except bananas. I'm gonna fuck your assholes with cutted sick islamist leg. Fuck you very much you faggots, tolerace bitches. you just bunch of lazy niggers. PUERTO RICO - LAZY FUCKIN NIGGER ISLAND.\n\n\nDid  you fucking bastards really think about mister Trump gonna help you? No assholes. you given your vote for islamist-nigger obama, now time to pay for your stupidness. For nigrobama care. You fucking kikes, niggers, mixed nigger bastards, islamist cocksuckers, you all damn parasites. Nature taking care about shit like you. Fucking mixed faggots did you heard about termin survival of the fittest? Now you all gonna get it. Now you taste it. Hundreds years ago, in a same time when Nords, South white slavic\anglican\spanish\franc peoples conquer the World, was exploring new places, you fuckin apes sitting on a trees and eating bananas. You can't stay alive more than one year, you can't help yourself. YOU ARE DESERVE TO DIE.  I'm happy about your fuckin tragedy. \n\nI feel more sadness for\about poor Mexico. Because guess what, you fucking niggers? MEXICAN  PEOPLES PRODUCE SOMETHING GOOD. Mexican peoples don't producing a 78% nigger\puerto rico crime\cocaine\heroin (that's only one thing what you can actually produce from 1970's, for sure). Look at Japan - FUCKIN ISLAND. In 1970's Japanese peoples was poor as rats in sewer. \n\nLook at them right now:\nPuerto rico\parasites: 0% new science discovery, staying alive yet because US peoples feeding em', em' nigro lazy asses. And they crying after a hurricane, and ask about help like bunch of cheap NIGGER'S whores.\nJAPAN - Technology,  science's Giant. They actually stay alive after hardest earthquake, which destroy em NUCLEAR ELECTRICAL PLANT.  And they keep doing  discovery in science.\n\nFUCK.YOU.VERY.MUCH.NIGGERS.
It's almost like Andrew.
Government set up
I wanted to know who won bro
In all honesty as a young person I hate this. Every other taxi service in England costs an absolute fortune especially on a Friday Saturday night out Uber has saved me countless times both financially and in emergencies calling regular taxis takes too long for them to arrive and they charge double what uber would charge I have lived in London all my life and the city is going down the toilet
So, when is CNN hiring Bo Bergdahl to their news team?
The woman is coming to the US to help /cooperate with the investigation even though she doesn't even live in the US. The good ol media trying to get this woman killed for dating the wrong guy.
Fake taxi?
The President should be supported by Ryan. Ryan failed in 2012. He still sounds disingenuine. Unemployment down, medical insurance will be available across state lines, tax reform being at least discussed, 4 major catatrophes in the last month handled, North Korea is being addressed instead of ignored, veterans services are being improved with technologies, etc. Good direction for the country
Seriously? 4 min for this shit? You want us to watch it or not?
In high school my classes didnt cover any classics except for To Kill a Mockingbird and Shakespearean plays. I took it upon myself and ended up reading Fahrenheit 451, Animal Farm, Catcher in the Rye, Lord of the flies, 1984, of Mice and Men, and my least favorite Heart of Darkness in my free time. \n\nPersonally I think most of them were overated and hyped up except Animal Farm and 1984. The meanings in them were nice but most of them just bored me out of my mind. Kids today also dont even read, im pretty sure most students just read summaries on snopes and sparknotes nowadays so :/ its a lost art to anaylyze readings unless you really want too.
well shit
Now he can go searching for the real Killers!
Sad and unfortunate.\n\nMy family lives in the fire-prone Chico area on a mesa. Also, after watching wildfire documentaries with evidence and demos from fire prevention research, the single biggest factor in housing survival is:\n\n*removing fuel,* ie dry grass, pine needles, wooden decks, leaves and other shrubs and debris *immediately near the house.*\n\nThe rare raging inferno may take everything, but *embers alone without fuel will go out* and houses can and do  go unscathed *if cleaned and landscaped properly.*
This really hurts my heart.
*Those Playboy magazine we use to sneak as kids, turned us all into men. RIP*
I love how all these people are whining about elitist rich people giving and getting awards, but then they follow it up by proudly announcing their support of a c-list celebrity billionaire con man who might be one of the dumbest people to ever be in politics period. hilarious....and revealing. at least they make me feel smart AND we finally have a president to represent the retarded demographic.
T H I S I S S I C K
Please do a video on progressive rock
I'm still waiting on the footage of him checking in the hotel and walking around the casino to see if he had with anybody else (accomplice) with him.. there's no way he could have done this completely on his own
You know what, gun laws in a statistical sense have been almost completely ineffective at reducing gun related crimes. Especially in Chicago which has some of the strictest gun laws in the nation yet also the highest crime rate.
Mother nature is larger than humanity. Humanity is barely a blip on the radar of existence,  and an unfortunate one at that.
how can there owners get them back, hopefully they have name tags
That is amazing. I am so happy that he is making a good recovery.
#Netflixisajoke
What if he jumped?
Isn't Mexico supposed to look like that always ?
He is the kindest person ever....unbelievable....<3 you can see an angel in his eyes....
Hollywood is a sick place. Where morals and dignity are garbage values to these celebs in exchange for money and fame.
CUCK CUCK CUCK
All bs
*throws a Frisbee in the air*\nLet the games begin
Wow the best Film score composer in the world and Radiohead! . . . . and Han's Zimmer is also there so yea I guess?
Well he needs to walk his ass right back into prison cause he has yet to serve his time for MURDERING 2 people
Damn she a gilf let me smash
i want ty burrell to play a young hefner when a movie is made about hugh. burrell is a dead ringer for a young hugh.
Puerto Rico is not quite a rich port. It's fallen to the standards of the surrounding islands and what quality it does produce leaves on first chance to the mainland..
THE best explanation of the current hurricane situation I've yet seen. Thanks to Mr. Sealls for a sober, clearly-articulated presentation.
dude, we told you. you voted for him anyway. the blames on you.
Black sea Click my YouTube Name and watch my YouTube Channel how augmented Boko Haram Freaks and Hamburg cell Germany blocked me 30 years to learn a profession and tortured. We want our HUMAN rights GG12 UN23
Props to Seth, real man right there.
Weirdos taxing strangers... was bound to fail.. i bet the drivers are all foreigners and rapists
I think people or the media are making too big of a deal out of this part of the interview. Now that Ive seen it it just wasn't that bad.
Awesome video, I would like that you talked about how The goverment in Mexico is not only not helping the people affected by the earthquake but also robbing the help sent in trucks and slapping their campaing logo on them to help themselves for the presidential elections next year
2016: An emotional beat down\n\n2017: A physical beat down
What a waste of 10p.
very cool
I wanted to know who won bro
All this shit is happening on our skin people
I see mental disease. too much guile in their mouths. very sad people.
Paul Ryan is in it for himself. Many people saw this. Unfortunately it takes this for the majority of people to finally see this. Vote him out
NIG
Rest In Peace & Paradise To Those Who Went Through This God Bless & Jesus Bless Them & There Family Members & You All Have An Blessed One Everybody Amen
The hate trolls are posting on this video.  I hope you all mark their comments as spam or hate. It's disgusting how these trolls slime their way into YouTube to disrespect an obituary.\nMaybe go to their channel and flag it  (the grey flag usually in About) and mark as either block user or report user.
Lol dang he cute tho
The manchester bomb killing kids did NOTHING to change how they treat islam in the UK.. it would take a dirty nuke bomb killings 10s of thousands of brits before they really even do anything about these savages.
So that's what Lee Nelson is up to these days such a joker 
Emmys 2017, 16,15,14,13,12,11,10,09,08,07,06,05,04,03,02,01,99,98...was a perfect time as any
If it was NASCAR he will be dead   That guy is so fat he need 2 hand cuff
HAHAHAHA!!! I bet Trump is celebrating the fact that there are a few less to worry about 
So turn it into a religion.  Become ordained thru the Universal Church of life.  By mail.
Fuck that fucken terrorist!!!
White pants is real smashable.
my guess is most of these players are trannies and pee sitting down..
Narrator voice is so annoying, couldn't get through it all.
Nos destruirn a todos.
FALSE FLAG
notice if this happened in Hockey which is primarily all white,,,,and black officers killed white men and a lot of police brutality, they would have still stood for the Anthem. This is the NFL players way of being cry babies and being ignorant and disrespecting what America's foundation stands for. No excuses.
Savage :)
i just love the aesthetic of vox
News bs all speculation
GODS WRATH WILL RAIN UPON YOU...SINS OF YOUR FOREFATHERS.
Thems some good lookin bitches!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1rIDmDWSms
I dont care, we got nice weather here in the netherlands
Guys, check out my latest social experiment \n\nhttps://youtu.be/KF6gRtt9DdA
why nate, who named the harricane?
I just got word of another settlement that needs your help. Here, let me mark it on your map.
So sick of Brooke Baldwin's false outrage.  She tried this before when a colleague said the n word while reading a quote of another person.  The only way this shit is going to stop is by declaring war on mainstream media.  They are dividing us, they are lying to us, and they are manipulating us.  Freedom of press shouldnt extend to false reporting being passed off as truth.
This was far worse than September 11th, because it was no way an attack on government, but pure murder.
America was based on freedom  love the ignorance
Man, if I found out I had 18 half brothers and sisters, the last I would want to do is meet them. I barely talk to the two I have.
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
Good
Sad I saw my president with him he died without Jesus
Badass
Yes He did
You Go Hugh. Singular man accomplishing great business.
Other Videos show mussel flashes in sync with the shooting sounds around the 4th floor.  Paddock was apparently shooting guns from the 32nd floor..yet no one saw any mussel flashes from that location. We all assume this, because he was found dead in that upper suite with some weapons, but this does not prove 100% that he shot those guns at the crowd. What main stream wants us to believe and what actually happened are different narratives. Its always a text book, crazy lone gun man,  who then commits suicide. Sorry, don't buy it! There is more too this event than meets the eye.
The fighting is more entertaining than the race.
I like how EVERYONE is bashing on TFL for taking precautions over people's safety, I wonder how you'd feel if you got sexually assaulted and Uber never did anything to help or support you. Yes it's an inconvenience to you guys, but where there's money to be made someone else will pop up.
Now you see people this is all fun and games...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*Until the glass actually cracks and breaks*
those are Harry's real friends not some random stranger
The people that keep bringing this stuff up are the ones causing racism
A real psycho pervert.
Hmmm, what coincidence! The eclipse happened and now Spain happened, where a isis member ran over people savagely. Then the hurricanes. Then the earth quakes. Hepatitis is breaking out. Not sure if the hepatitis is a big thing. I feel like this eclipse caused a domino affect. I don't know, what you people think??
I can't believe MK had two of the greatest actors sitting right in front of her and decides to discuss plastic surgery! REALLY??? She's blowing her chances, you can't teach humility. Crash and burn...........
*It must have been a filthiest dump of the this side - where such ugly perverts could reign. A true judaic Kingdom that came and none was warned about, or to be precise, everyone was mislead & lied about the true nature of that kiky faggot pederastic rule inside of the crime kibbutz.*
The fake glass cracking to distract you from the real glass cracking
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Lmfao people are disappointed that is wasn't worse wtf is wrong with you people
Save the hispanic women!
Y todava desde el norte hablando de muros, esos si se deberan caer. \nMis condolencias al pueblo Mexicano.
Simon back again
I might the the only person not to read that book in school or ever.
So this is trending but Asian Jake Paul is nowhere to be seen... cool.
The Catalonians have a right to choose their own fate.\nIt's a world wide movement against a one world government
So lets say your family died for this flag... the same flag that has shed blood in South America the Middle East Asia and in our home to represent freedom and democracy. The thing about respect is that it is not objective. There is no universal way of being respectful. All you whiny fucks are only taking offense to what  you deem worthy. Why then wont you take offense to the horrific acts America has done and continues to do As acts of terrorism? You know what you stand for but will surly die doing so.
muslim motherfucker. muslims won't travel with dogs ! kick the shit out of her.
#PrayforMexico
Imagine if Paddock was an old test subject from MK ultra 0_0 I should be careful saying stuff like this, Might be true
Holy Crap that lady just does not get it.
*Good thing the child wasn't black, there would be riots over him eating her popcorn!*
https://youtubem.video/r/?MZNpN7KFUgquAiCuoDbiSZnH1F4ARZ=FYoYLLI5HPLf4VINlyOusN9drq
no way on hell those were strangers that guys knows he's recorded 24 7
Prayers
this is retarded.  if this offends you, you are an imbecile.
Micheal, Michelle, is an ugly dog
Get a New Samsung S7!\nhttps://goo.gl/hs69xf
AHHHHHHHHHHH
global warming is fake news, Joking of course
Treasonous rats ! This is a slippery slope. What if someone wants to declare his home in Catalonia as a country? Then what? Would these same treasonous rats approve? Heck, I could declare my home in America as a nation and have a family referendum to claim it as such. Is that sensible? Your home does not belong to you. That space belongs to the government. Your state belongs to the government. Catalonia BELONGS to Spain. If Spain lets this nonsense happen. Then they really screwed up.
He's right.
Fuck Moron Trump.
Should not have been let out, disgusting murderer.
Who is we.....please clarify. Because I'm feeling profiled.
Cuck Clan Unite
When you read all the conspiracy nut job comments on here.. it makes me realize how many crazy people there are living amongst us.
Sorry, can't respect a family who makes poor decisions just for fame.
welcome to the rice fields
This questioning seems alot more like targeting
I don't get it...'an extra ZING' ? Why would those people want an extra relative ?
You u
the reason behind this us right under eveyones nose. country music pushed him over the edge.
fuck this harvey bitch lock him up and put him in gen pop
all we have in Chicago is Gang Wars
When are we gonna realize that releasing the names of these shooters is only going to glamorize it for the next shooter..........showing the death count vs other mass shootings in the country just illustrates to the mentally ill just what their target death count needs to be to hold the next biggest death count. ............. stop releasing the names of these crazies.  We don't need to know -  It only serves to make us all weaker ..... and gives the killers what they want ......... their name in the history books
Remember that time when Mika accidentally said it was the media's job to control exactly what people think live on air?\n\nMSNBC = Fake News
I love the kardashians.
You don't need to be accurate when shooting at fish in a barrel.
Ford made quality cars affordable for everyone. Does that mean cars are overrated because most people have one now? Maybe the car was just an awesome invention that Ford made accessable to everyone and Mockingbird was an awesome book that paperbacks made accessable to everyone including students
I went for a drive some for some supplies, not a soul around, creepy. Then i was cut off from a huge fallen tree across the road with power lines dangling. Then i decided to get my ass home.
He has nice lips
Lets Play Russian Roulette \nEvery 5th like gets Killed \nComment What You Got 
I hope you like it \nhttps://teespring.com/lets-go-for-hip-hop#pid=369&cid=6519&sid=front
I just don't get all the protection stuff. It sucks that the girl was hurt but you simply cannot prevent all injuries. It's a known risk going in. If someone trips on the stairs at the stadiums are the stairs safe? What about at little league games where a catcher can get hit in the head with a bat? I've seen many children get foul ball's landing on or close to them at every little league game. What about when the ball breaks the windshield of a car? What if there is a parent in that car and glass cuts them up? Should cars park a mile away? What about if the kid gets hit in the stomach in the infield? Should all the kids now wear pillows? What if the player hits a light fixture ant the lights fall killing 9 people? No more night games! Cant have lights! What if the roof falls. Or a ball or bat breaks through a weak part of the net? It's simply impossible to stay 100% safe. If you don't want to risk it then dont go! It's that easy. It's not rocket science.
Funny people preach gun control.....Literally, you can not buy and own the guns this guy has. He is an old man, so odds are he bought full auto before the laws were changed where civilians can't buy and own full automatic guns. You are begging for laws that already invoked hard. No one can easily get those guns, you can't get full auto without 1 years worth of work filling out permits and only if you own a gun shop and other limitations. Civilians can only buy Semi-automatic weapons.
USA is such a evil country.....full of evil people.
I'm glad you think it's funny, you spineless excuse for a human.
Beautiful, intelligent, young woman. Wife material right there
Worst 10 seconds ever.
where is that insane Irish weather chick to warn us? I am pro-vajazzle
Idiot lol
CNN=Clown News Network
Reading all the autistic screeching from the Hillary buttlickers with their pussy hats is a fun way to start the morning!
Thanks for the Free Parking. -_o
Cuteeee
What did you expect from this senile douchebag?
He is not a prankster it's called the comedian
Criminals don't follow laws so we might as well not have them? So do you also think that we shouldn't make owning meth, bombs, and child porn illegal too? No? Then please re-evaluate your argument and realize what a stupid argument it is
Boring 
Rest in peace Hugh Hefner.
What a blowhard buffoon. God please help us find a leader for our country not a narcissistic blowhard.
Lol.
Kill yourself you f****** stupid ass b****** you decided to go against the internet and the f*** yourself up the ass it's like a gay guy going to prison saying he's straight and he won't take s*** from nobody but he ends up taking dick from every mother f***** that wants to fuck his ass
Why is he doing his voice at him!?
A Christian nutcase promoting authoritarianism under the guise of patriotism.
The world did not sympathise with Hitler's family when they spoke of him before his power. So I will not sympathize with this families cries for Steve. He MASSACRED human lives
Like him or not, if you don't feel proud to be an American after hearing this speech then you're hopelessly to the left.
So they are focusing  more on this woman than the actual shooter?! Some people are so desperate to find someone to blame.
Women need to be taken out of politics
Latinos are the laziest people in the world.
Look at all the fools trying to get lime light by jumping on trump insult train. Pathetic attempts for fame
YO i was just thinking of this a few days ago!!
Why does the voice sound so unenthusiastic and sarcastic like that Asian reporter  from family guy
Well now, this no one saw coming. Typical humans, unable to admit and accept that they are the problem. A human caused this, a primate didn't. This speaks for itself humans. Your species are the sin upon Harambe's earth.
Holy taco enchiladas guacamole tapatio cardna asda pico de gio burrito fucking pollo los piata churro
Trailer park videos! Really? That's normal.

LOl
*O O F
19 kids and counting just like the movie
Those slight dum dum in the background made this eerie in the best way possible
Shooting was fake..so cbn rest easy..cant bekueve 700 club fell for it too.. Look it up on youtube..to much evidence of it being fake and not enough evidence proving it true
THIS WAS THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY DAY. BEAUTIFUL SIMPLE BEAUTIFUL!!!
:-)
Lol human stampede!!!!
What ?
A typical jewish pervert. All jewish directors and producers are perverts, pedophiles, and rapists.
can't rely on structures that are made in china.
is that guy wearing a confederate flag on his hat? 3:37
So where's Jake Paul?
Seth is the man!
Paul Ryan is worse than a democrat. He is the sleaziest most rat like back stabbing person in the country. I wonder why people keep electing him and John McCain.
Donald Trump using wizard powers on Mexico
Luke 21:11: * And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.*\n\nLuke 21:25: *And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring*\n\nBelieve what you want, but prophecies are coming true. United nations will declare year of peace and security on 21. september this year. Look what Bible says:\n\n1Thesselonians 5:3: *For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.*\n\nThen on 23. september the constellation virgo will have 12 stars above her head, sun on her head, moon at her feet and JUPITER WILL EXIT HER WOMB after 9 MONTHS! Guess what Bible says?\n\nRevelation 12:1-2: *And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars: And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.*\n\nRepent till it's still time, brothers and sisters. Take it serious as it is and don't believe people or megachurches, chatolic churches, organisations, cults.. Believe only WORD OF GOD and STUDY IT! Accept Jesus as your saviour and REPENT! Stop sinning and walk with God! God bless you in Jesus name!
Those kids are crazy, they're like stomping as if they're actually trying to break it xD they'll learn what gravity is soon lol
This how self hatred looks like
When the monocle came out .......dead
This guy really knows how to move his hands around while reading the teleprompter.
I hope my dad is OK I will never see him because he was illegal so he had to go the last time I saw him when I was 4 now I'm 13
what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
Dude was going to run to the Philippines!
Jen from next doors bins fell over \n\nWhat will we ever do
You all covered this like you fully expected typical American's to be assholes because you dress different. Which suggests you have a low opinion of average people and assume the worst in them. This was a waste of 5 minutes of my life
pokemon or no pokemon, get that money bruuuuh!
Who knew the NRA cared about human lives!
The new guy in the office.... He is your president lady whom cant act.  You are a hypocrite and you are tearing this country apart.  Just because he does not say a name DOES NOT means he forgot it.
Both brothers are such a hottie!
the new question is which one is my dog?
I emailed Tucker a couple weeks ago and asked if he could get Candace an interview on Fox. So if you're out there, Tucker, Thank You!
Kylie was handed the business...if it were anyone else with no fame it takes hard work and dedication something you know nothing about Kendell!!! You too were handed a modeling career!
1998 Georges, that hurricane really did hit Puerto Rico hard, last one i remember. Irma really did nothing, at least not to my area but georges back in 98, the eye passes thru us. I remember those winds, sounds, reeally scary.
Scripted.....
This mccain  chick, something ain't right about her...
So where's Jake Paul?
No. 1 trending for 3 days now, yet in all that time hasn't broken 1 million views. Someone's really wanting to push this omnipresent terrorism narrative :/
What is this illogical argument I have been seeing all over the internet. Why ban guns? Criminals will find them and kill people anyways. Well we should just get rid of all laws then... murder, rape, theft... I mean criminals will do what criminals will do right?
Oooomg you Humans literally can't ignore a mass killing even after one day. Stupid over emotional species
did they plant apple trees ?
Funny how everyone seemed to know but never did shit about it
Who cares, they already got your money
Europe & UK government just don't understand this is just the beginning so why don't y'all bring in more unvetted immigrants !!!
Bye bye mr. Patriarchy. I wonder many years until men complain about the matriarchy lol.
what that the the guy from Lee Nelson's well good show
Not surprised since the royals are all pediphile's.
It was a Category 1 storm. Ive sat through worse in my trailer.
Unbelievable that these slag whores are even relevant. It's viewers are pathetic cretinous no ones.
He's getting these actresses paid.  He deserves to take that pussy.
did someone forget to color grade the video or is that the Vox style now??
Talking points & policy papers is not what is required. \n\nWhat is required is foodfight\n cause what Trump is doing is not enough. LOL idk this Joe Scaboro
When will Saudi Arabia grant freedom of speech to other religions?
what a waste...
Tsunami coming Japan's way i assume.  Jeeze this season
Awww, I really, really, really like you too
Dont go to to the fucking game then.its a variable
where are my fellow prog snobs ?
Yeah plastic surgery and exercise.
Japan: Awww
Megyn is still a snowflake.
@TheEllenShow needs to see this! and invite these very talented singers! <3
Oh gosh, this video triggered my 10 hour non stop sax guy video addiction. Got to watch it now, bye!
Please come back to Houston
Hollyweird Douchers!
This clammy old snatch is STILL ALIVE??\nFuck you, Fonda. You're old and no one gives a shit about what you have to say.
Trump
Never heard chris rock say that but its so true
the Europeans are waking up,  they realize Barry planned, plotted, and orchestrated,  a government assisted Invasion of radical Islamist with Iran all across the EU,  They are coming for you barry , ALL DOCUMENTED ON FILM
Typical story of a terrible man: he got rejected by a young woman in his early life, so he became a rabid woman hater.
So, is this why Dominicans say they're not black or even deny having African ancestry ?
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
The thumbnail of the woman crying hurts me.
I thought it was 39 in Cuba...
Niggers always complain about something.
If women want to stop being sexually harassed, STOP DRESSING LIKE WHORES! You fucking deserve it if you it happens to you ladies. I am so sick of seeing women dressing with their tits and asses hanging out and then complain when men come on to them or stare at them.
Well done England the world is jealous as hell
Aida
Hey look there's ads on here. #Youtubelies
so CNN, fake news much?
Life is just vanity and chasing after wind. But to lie that he was not into it for the money is untrue. May his soul RIP.
Who the hell cares what Sarah Huckabee Sanders has to say about this? Or _anything_ else for that matter?
Yikes, NBC must be regretting that investment.
They knew Harvey was a perv but nobody dared do anything
I read that purple copy a thousand times in school and that book was in every library at school?
I think Boris should be Primeminister
I like Tommy and think Franco's a dickhead but doesn't Tommy seem coked up?
These ads were showing that dove soap leaves you clean whether you're,black,white,Hispanic,Arab etc.
Hanoi Jane should be more upset she is responsible for the deaths of American POWs from Vietnam! Fucking PIG!
Y todava desde el norte hablando de muros, esos si se deberan caer. \nMis condolencias al pueblo Mexicano.
Conspiracy theories are simply a way for mouth breathing retards to feel like they're smart.
1:20
i'd like to pay my respects to HEF (frrrrgghhhhjj <---- that is some major cheese being cut right there)
Who was to blame for Columbine? Who was responsible for Sandy Hook? Does Mr Robertson really think America is the home of Satan? Deeply worrying rhetoric from a man purporting to be a Christian. We should be giving what succour we can to the victims of the Vegas Shooting, not blaming them. This man does not speak for my Christian values, and should be ashamed.
DID O.J. SIMPSON shoot up the VEGAS STRIP? 'FAKE ISIS NEWS' by CNN!!!!!
H.A.A.R.P Weaponized weather wake up folks!
No shot he wanted to escape, who wouldn't???
Anyone notice the world has been falling apart for the past couple of months?
This dumb blonde accusing other of being quick with insults in defense of  a person whose first reaction to anything that doesn't go his way is a tweet tantrum is hilldamnlarious!! #foolsofafeathersticktogether
Trump for 2020!
What the f ever, Harvey caused way worse deatruction... florida lost sum shingles and couple boats so fuckin what
Amazing Tour..
I can't stop picturing Aida from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Using Tsar Bomba is a strawman argument because standard MIRV Warhead is 100kt to 1MT yield. And Tsar bomba is so unpractical due to its weight, its not even combat operational.
HOLY SHIT, yall Americans need to be friends with russia atm yall mfs need help yall gon die without help with that shit Yall need to evacuate rn! \n\n(Edit) that wasnt a racial comment all my peoples is my peoples love you guys but seriously yall need to do something about that
Fear-mongering and it's part of living in a big city. Can you guest the idiots whom said this?\nHint: Ones a over used tea bag
Its not about hugh or me, its about connection
No skycraper fell.
Look at this idiot CNN whore pretending hard like it wasn't her boobs that got her the job.
Irma wasn't that bad..
California having 8.1
Another moonbat who thinks the rules don't apply to them.
you know its bad when fox starts bashing trump...
Omg.. This is horrible. God bless all.
la la muchi la la muchi midnight
Men are being oppressed of their masculinity, damn didnt realize this until watching this video. Seriously making me rethink life
u kinda look like John kranasti
I swear that Trump supporters would eat warm dog shit and gargle cat piss if Trump told them to....Afterwards, if the piss and shit Trump told them to eat made them sick, they would blame it on Obama and Hillary lol
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! Repent of your sins and put your faith in Jesus!\n\nHe loves you! He is NOT angry at you, so please don't listen to the devil's lies. Jesus died so that you may live! \n\nCall upon Jesus while you still can! You will be saved if you truly seek Him! He is forgiving and merciful! He promises to never turn a person away when they come to Him, so come to Him now. \n\nTomorrow is not promised to anyone and judgement is swiftly approaching. Jesus is the Only Way to escape, so choose life today. Choose Jesus! \n\nShalom, friends.
Meth heads
Hip Hop is dead
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
This is why the federal government should subsidize distributed solar and wind energy in Puerto Rico. You dont have to rebuild the old grid. You can create interconnected micro-grids. Itll be cheaper, more reliable, and environmentally sound.
A perverded Jew in Hollywood nothing new
I can't wrap my head about what's worse, the crash or the police man struggling with the handcuffs.
CUCK CUCK CUCK
Karma ?
Fake news just sat it out on my back porch north Tampa lots of wind some rain maybe a category 1
Brain abnormalities lol he was just a domestic terrorist.
Thank you, Time Magazine.
So cute
Wow so many people here are expert in foreign affairs.
We get the same winds in the desert. Except the storms are dirt and sand.
Ok fine then put Steve and dan in the same tax bracket 15% why should Steve have to pay a higher tax% just because he makes more? You guys wanna cry that it's unfair for Dan well maybe it's unfair for Steve as well.
They don't call Los Vegas Sin City for nothing..
He didn't do any thing special for the human being, just taking some nude photos of women and sell them to the losers, that how he lived.
Prince Harry is that guy
Lucky Mexico City!!!
Bad combination for a trump supporter. CNN and Mexico
Oh Paul Ryan, what a spineless waste of breath you are.  What a pusillanimous piece of putrid puke.
 
Thank God this venal, mendacious, self-absorbed woman did not become president.
Merica
The look on his face. He fucking meant it.
Ask Tesla to instal a solar power plant there
trash
so many 'triggered' Trump fans. God you are so quick to call someone a snowflake, you don't even recognise it in yourself. You're offended on behalf of a piece of fabric and a song.
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
You know it's a sign of how f'd up our times are when it takes a sports presenter to put it all in perspective. Well said sir, as a brit you restored some of my faith in america
Anyone else pause here (3:40) and get frustrated? XD
His name is Simon Brodkin, hes pranked things like Britains Got Talent and even Trump! \n\nHonestly such a funny guy.
This is trending with 5k views but idubbbz isn't
OJ will except the offer to participate in dancing  with the stars there is also plans in the works oj to team up with Tonya Harding for an episode of fear facter there is even speculation oj will co star in a porn with paula dean
Subscribe to my channel lol
See those people .......... Hmmmmm.
When the monocle came out .......dead
What a moron, it has nothing to do with that! \nUgh, I hate ignorance.
Is it any wonder why ESPN's ratings are failing? FOX and NBC sports channels are quickly closing the gap.
This is a top 30 anime betrayal.
Let's all take a minute to think of the dead from the attacks of 9/11!
This video reminds me the new Dr who is coming.
freedom of speech people. even the President has a right.
This video has 3 times more dislikes than likes. That's crazy.
Bannon a worthy successor to Andrew brietbart
First storm we've t hit ireland in 500 years
Truly believe that not all Juggalos are criminals. They have the right to listen to the music that they enjoy without being labeled as a gang member.
Thoughts and prayers with Mexicans.... so sad.
This is really horrifying, a sub from me. I hope to see more informative videos from you. Thanks for posting.
why have all the homes gone (except trees). Normally you would see burnt remnant of structures?
Great, so indecent people are costing everyone else money again. How much does this certification cost struggling farmers?
Goodbye.
I actually still like trump, but a jokes a joke. Same as hitting Clinton with the golf ball! Everything is fare game!
that's why i only watch boxing and the NBA
All i gotta say is look at the movie shooter. Same set up!!!
We must secure the existence of OUR people and a future for WHITE children. If you have a problem with then you are a racist, anti white piece of shit. We will not be silenced into not fighting for our own people. In fact, we will DIE doing it.
why did i watched this. I have a flight at 9:00 PM tonight
Further evidence that you are not a man of God. Like anymore was ever needed. This dude been lying so long I think he believe it now. He is also evidence how far (some) Trump supporters will go.
Welcome to the bush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7h-SNk3k28 . this woman is a democrap shill and is parroting Maxine Waters
The mother fucking juice is lose
Fuck he wasn't even joking. Dead face after that delivery
Humans have to realize than they're not controlling nature...\n\nNature is controlling us ...
media trying to stir up more fear
so what does trending mean to youtube?
Wild fires? Antifa is burning America and no one is telling you the truth!
look at 0:40 he clearly saw he hand lol
Fucking backwards pos mysogynistic culture!
Its bbc just like the others fake news
Errm where's the cordon and bomb squad to sort out that bomb that failed to detonate properly lmfao\n\nCome on people move along,\nWalk straight past bomb on your left please.....
So many possibilities in life. So many crazy things can happen. But the day after the shooting we were told 1 shooter went crazy. If you question, you are crazy. I just think its a crazy op for an old guy to pull off. Video sounds like automatic gunfire. Bump stock fire is irregular.
Will it go to U.K day s e I live there am scared
And a new hero emerges.
LOL, that guy is my hero!
Just once I wish I could hear something about the president with out hearing or seeing the following words: tweet, Hillary, Obama, fake news, wall, NFL, election, rally and the phrase im going to look into it. God fucking damn it I don't care if the Russians put this guy in the white house or all the alt-right supremacists put him in the white house it's just really fucking annoying at this point. When he spoke about the Vegas shooting I actually could hear him speak like the leader of the free world and sounded truly inspiring. but then he goes right back to talking like a jock or some dumb rich kid. I have tried over and over this past year to give him a chance but I can't fucking do it any more. Call me what you want and belittle my comment all you can but FUCK just for ONCE I wish I could hear him speak for longer than 5 minutes and not want to go an hero my self.
How can we spend more money on ensuring guns are available for killing people in Las Vegas and for bombing civilians in Afghanistan and Yemen, if we allot funds for healthcare at home or for survivors of hurricanes?
These aren't the only wild monkeys in Europe. There's another monkey species called the Muslim. It's an invasive species and their numbers are rapidly growing in Europe. They will soon outnumber the native European population.
never has there been two ego maniacs like Megyn Kelly and Jane Hanoi Jane Fonda pompous arrogant complete drones .  Redford that ship has come and sailed but still hanging on for some publicity and to be adored by the public.  PATHETIC !!!!!
 Thumbs up if you were expecting a creepy clown with this music.   
No one panders to the terminally stupid better than Donald Trump. Period.
Phenomenal audio editing in this!
I think he was just letting her.
I feel the same way im done with football im 76 yrs old i have watched since i was a young kid to disrespect our military why dont you people move out of our great country the sooner the better john a smith
Is this irl west world
I see
FAKE NEWS. 100% HOAX dummies, wake up.
real sad to hear about this, prayers go out to all the Mexican people affected by this
This government seems more interested in political correctness than protecting its citizens from these continuous terrorist attacks.
Oj is guilty he will always  be guilty
A Pittsburgh Steelers fan living in North Texas, wearing a Harbour Surfboards (Norcal) t-shirt, and completely missing the point about personal freedoms as provided by The US Constitution and fought for by Americans.  I can see that you're passionate about your convictions, buddy, but it's also abundantly clear that you are confused on many levels.  Not sure what you accomplished there, other than exercising your right to burn your clothing over a misbegotten notion if that's what you want to do.
People are literally out of control. Took this tooo far! I use dove and will still use dove. These so called woke people are just looking for racism
La venganza por la onda vital, okno, apoyo fuerte para Mxico 
Its because they have been broke for years from thei corrupt internal government.  NOT TRUMP you stupid ignorant idiots commenting and blaming him.  Educate yourselves and quit watching all these fake ass celebrities and left wing talk show hosts on feeding you their bullshit.  Their mayor is a complete idiot and has done jack to help the economy with her greedy ass.  You can wake up ignorant, but can learn so you dont go to bed stupid.
If I were her I'd have stayed out of country there are a lot of angry stupid people right now and guess who's face is being blasted around by the fucking news.
Fuck the prayers how can we send money to them
THIS IS NOT THE DEADLIEST MASS SHOOTING IN US HISTORY ! it is wounded knee . us army  kill 240 native men and women children in 1890 LOOK IT UP
Honey have you seen the boat anywhere????
Shoulda, coulda, prada.  Strength is standing up against evil whatever the cost.  Always do the right thing.  Getting a job at the cost of a piece of ass is worthless. Lodie
Would it come to london

what's worse... treating hurricanes like war zones or treating Vox like credible media?
wow
Seal Team 6 is going in to assassinate that little bastard.\n\nOr... we're just going to surprise bomb the fuck out of wherever he lives.
The weather media like to use power words to hype weather. It's POUNDING....area. They don't seem happy the storm has decreased. Watch any weather report....on a clear day---drought conditions. On a rainy week---flood conditions or SEVERE lightening. Heat index, chill factor , warnings, watches  etc.
Hey bro!
Rip Tupac same investigators
we pray for ireland .stay strong
Why is ppl not talking about the earthquake in California? ??
This is the eye of the storm, can you say that? E-Y-E of the storm? Sure, I knew you could! I love this guy!
thank you SO much for posting this video....is there any possibility that you can post a list of the authentic farmers on that list?\nI think that i am going to utilize the space in my yard and home to plant my own garden bcus this is completely disheartening to see especially because of the great love and respect that i have for local farmers and farming. smh ...wow..just WoW!
I hope Americans are next.
Love Jane, to hell with the haters. The same people demeaning her are the ones voting for the predator in chief currently in the white house. Elect a clown, expect a circus.
if someone wants to pay another person to drive them somewhere that is their right, why does government have to get involved
funniest title ever
The fake outrage is real...or is it the real outrage is fake?
Can somebody tell me where the lies are in this video?
CNN is alt-left dog shit.
what's a huricane
Sucks to be her, what's new?
Cassini,      !
Is this the type of thing thats weird that goes viral 
He's a cool guy!
Yea they are there for entertainment.. Should be seen not heard right.. Racists!
If the people over in the UK want to ride in uber taxis, they should be free to do so. If the women fear being raped by an uber driver, they will stop using their services and uber will go out of business due to lack of customers. From what I understand, there are actually less rapes and sexual assaults reported against uber drivers than there are with your black cab drivers. This shows it's all about money and power. Apparently the owner of black cab has influence with the government to shut down his competition that is offering a service at a lower price.
   ,      ,       . ) !   .  ,    ,   ,      ,        .      .   ,       .
C'mon guys...
Everyone wants a piece of the sjw pie
Is it me or he looks WAY TO MUCH LIKE MATTSHEA O
communism will save them
Repent turn to Jesus Christ for remission of sins the god of this universe will judge everyone
When you watch something that has/gave no value, you remember why you usually don't watch 
Tour guide* the f is a tourist guide??
i hate all of you faggot Hollywood peophiles
The PLAYBOY PHILOSOPHY was condensed to just two words: intelligent hedonism.
What a bunch of hooey.
Trum you have to do somthing
That was great.
BREAKING NEWS: Malicious baseball hunts down small child in stands.
Ohh islam...again
We understand you couldn't help us against Franco 80 years ago because you had your own problems, but now you have another chance to help us against the spannish facists, please save us from Mariano Rajoy, don't let them do this to us! Peace, love, freedom and democracy, that's all we are asking for.
This is the gigantonormic toilett seat for the shit that is coming out of Tim Cock's ass and that he tries to sell to us.
Mama Thot and her little thotletts....
Spotted the ass man. The black dude!
Good Riddance idiot
Islamic state of America
Overrated, unqualified, failed POS taking out his frustrations about himself with the world. Don't give this man a platform to voice his bloody nonsense. Did this piece of crap spawn? Disgusting with no moral bearings. Would sell his mother and daughter for his 15 min of fame. Wanted to look like a king maker but ended up being a failure.
I know one thing: Tommy has absolutely NO idea about the art of filmmaking: from his favourite scene in The Disaster Artist to giving rights based on one of the worst films in Franco's catalogue to... The Room itself
That was stupid. Somebody could have gotten hurt.
What a fucking disgrace. No one knows his motives yet, and all you see in the comments are basement dwelling cuck-fucks blaming either radical islam or radical leftism. NO ONE KNOWS YET, ASSHOLES. Don't try and bend the deaths of dozens of people to your political agendas.
The best thing that you could do or say is:  so sorry for your lost. heaven is getting sweeter. One thing that is forsure is that we all 100% will see our loves ones again, it's not a good bye but a till i see you again. No words will help and the pain will never go away. You will miss them. your heart be forever changed, but just know that your love one is watching you so make them proud everyday. God bless our troops and families. again so sorry for your loss. You are not alone Isaiah 41:10  He is there with you. @trump #trump
these comments warm my heart. people are waking up. john oliver is a propaganda agent who is there to misinform and make stupid people feel smart.
Great speech. Actually had the balls to say a lot that needed to be said.
Meh
I would jump off if i saw the glass was about to break
Another ode to form. How about content? I can make an impeccably structured song, but have it be about masterbating orcas. Not exactly high musical or moral caliber...
Leave it up to the NRA... They support gun control. They supported gun control in 1934 then again in 1968...etc. They do not support gun owners. They support the government.
I personally like butcher block, it's what I'm installing in my kitchen, warm, durable, easily fixable.
I am so proud of every single one of them. They deserve this
Congrats on being made fun of dude
Bro can someone link me the song at 6:51 please and thank you
Serious, reasonable people dont go on MESSNBC to begin with.   The hate anybody but progressive Democrats (who keep losing) channel is a joke.   Figures Ryan would go on & let these hacks get him to respond to fit their narrative.    Doesnt matter, PDJT just keeps winning
Earn cash fast!\nhttp://formoneyonly.com/?refer=156817
It's not that bad
Shut up, pigs, she is doing just fine. Men suck.
OMG, even this video has dislike?\nWHY, not that there is any good reason. May be that none ever had good influence on them (who dislike a heart worming, humanity video).
I'd knock that Dumbass out and drag her off lol.
Trump talked to the president of US Virgin Islands...what a moron!
 Thank you President Trump. The stadiums are already half-empty. This will hopefully bankrupt these leagues full of unpatriotic, mostly criminal players.
wow, talk about a ghost city . . .
Praise God! Amazing moment! Welcome back Steve Scalise
Where is kylie
I hate rap.
Watch America suddenly go into a new age of purity
First time I saw Harvey Weinsteins face I knew he was a sleazy Hollywood guy. Joel Schumacher and Larry Clark too.
Half a decade ago this dude would have been having a little Kelly on the side ... **sigh** what happened? I guess we need to grow up at some point :(
Religion of peace strikes again
Meanwhile in Syria US busy bombing civilians
Russell Brand is who the white men painted and brainwashed us to vision as Jesus!
Damn they all seem to have the same thing - being quiet
Watch this please: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvnU8TAiG8E
It's called expression
People are now calling for a complete National Boycott of the NFL for Sunday November 12th, which is Veterans Day Weekend. They are calling for a Boycott of all football telecast, all fans, all ticket holders, stay away from attending any games, let them play to empty stadiums. Pass this post along to all your friends and family. Honor our military, some of whom come home with the American Flag draped over their coffin..There are plenty of ways, times and places to protest concerning one's chosen cause, but to do so during a brief special time set aside to honor our nation's flag and the bravery and lives of our nation's military heroes, is inappropriate and disrespectful. Of course black lives matter, but so do the precious lives of millions of US soldiers (of all races) who have made the ultimate sacrifice to defend and protect our nation's rights and freedoms....and who most certainly deserve all of our respect. It's not about Trump, its about all those who bravely and unselfishly serve and who have served our nation. The Star Spangled Banner is presented to honor all of them.
So is the Coke going to dry up?
Kaepernick can't play for shit who cares lmao
Trump you moranic douche. All you good at is twisting facts and populist bashing of other people who have different views than you have. You are not worthy of presidency. Get lost.
why is this 4 minutes?
The hair and pokeman comment was funny! Lol
aah, glad to see that good old inter-racial hate and tribalism is alive and well.
think about hockey, they have the huge plexy glass walls, football has a net behind the field goal, etc.
I never thought I would say this.......The insane clown pose makes an outstanding point. Now I'm going to see if hell has frozen over.
So many thats a tiny amount. Compared to how many. Could have been slaughtered
We still have a presedent
Trending probably has to do with what's a trending topic. In this case, donald trump, and politics
#prayformexico
I am a professor what are you doing?I am a security guard fuck you then.
Americans don't know what democracy and freedom means??  Is there no school in America? Trump's behavior is just like dictatorship No democracy. Don't follow fantasy named patriotism  Just make good social network You stupid Americans who believe Arabian myth the bible
*trying to sneak into my room when guests come over*\nMom: COME AND SAY HELLO\nMe:
Fucking Ryan is a cuck with a dick up his ass
global warming
Funny TIL someone has a heart attack
Ryan has shown repeatidly that he does not care about the foundations of American Democracy, and that he has zero character or ethics.
If u guys want some quick coverage of all types of news check out my Twitter       https://mobile.twitter.com/newsgalore1
The internet was better when dumb people didn't know how to use it
 Can't you see I'm easily bothered by persistence\nOne step from lashing out at you...\n...Respect, walk, what did you say? (PROFESSOR)\nRespect, walk, are you talking to me?\nAre you talking to me? 
That chain is very apt! She has chained us up like a dog in the yard. What a muppet! May OUT!!!
Wow, and those were the highlights. dumbass show for dumbass viewers. This industry pats itself on the back just about as much as the movie industry and the so called 'music' industry. Egos and rich fucks need this.
So his isnt a hate crime?
There were highlights??? Just a bunch of snooty, rich, racist, America hating pricks. If those are highlights, you have low standards.
Dear Anti-gunners,\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSuck a dick.
What a fat fuck
Directed by Nicholas cage...
Murica wives better start reporting hubby to cops for owning 10+ guns so they can keep the money and their freedom. Learn up bitches.
Trump can suck my dick
the establishment swine want to piss in Trumps face over his support of the 2nd amendment and put a ban on guns.
This is family guy all over again
         
I am hoping that the world will come to realize that Islam is not a religion but a Demonic Cult of War, Conquest and Deceit. Islam and Muslims need to be kicked out of Europe AGAIN.
She is so full of it. 1st generation of spoiled post WW2 American bitches. Just like the MIKE BROWN protesters. They didn't care. They just wanted to be lawless. F.U. B.L.M.  Please move to Sudan.
It's hard to remember made up names.
I seee nothing racist but a bunch of libtards crying.
It seems that these kids are more brave than me.
This is too dangerous someone could jump off in fear
March on capitol hill then do a concert on the memorial. LEGIT!
Just as the copies of Frank Lloyd Wright degraded open offices, Vox's attempts to copy Errol Morris and Eugene Jarecki are degrading cool documentaries. \n\nSeriously guys, your topics are cool, but these are overproduced in really boring and derivative ways. You don't need to lay the 'cool' on so thick...
The Prune Juice is Loose.
John Kelly 2..omg that's insane. even selling out his son's memory 
Yay finally, he's my role model
Hiiiii
Now that's MY President!  The best American President since FDR.
If you think this guy is a President you have some serious intelligence issues
Welcome back Steve Scalise!
What is this world coming to? Next, they will be saying gay people get to continue living. It's all downhill from here.
fake tourist he was holding a flag...he's a guide probably
k
Everyone wants to get famous now days
I absolutely ADORE him. I bought his book and it arrived yesterday. Im really looking forward to it its the first of his books Ill be reading.
In this confrence his voice seems really nervous ... There is something going on , like there is no way they can tell us everything and the whole truth to the whole world. Something is up
I just still can't believe that republicans thought that Donald Trump, a billionaire from New York who grew up in a rich neighborhood, dodged the draft 3 times and inherited said wealth from his father, would actually be a good president and actually care about the poor and middle class. I think at this point republicans only support him because they don't want to look stupid while every one else is saying We told you so. They voted this man in just to get back at democrats for voting in Obama basically.
Trump doesn't realize how brutal his over extended visit to the presidency is.
So glad the racial demographics are changing in the America. These white Christian terrorist need to go 
Free Catalonia. Boycott and Divest Spain!
as I am someone who has allergies especially to dogs and cats, this woman is a c***. if you know you have allergies you're supposed to have proper documentation. If you don't want to increase your chances of being allergic, maybe try not rubbing on every seat prior to exiting the plane.
lol look at Debra's reaction in the beginning as though she said  I didn't know  which to me she is most likely being Genuine about not knowing about MK. Love you Deb Hate you MK lol.
Because humans nowadays are dumb
Legends
No we dont
Is he a alt right Christian or far left liberal?
Lies
I didn't need this video to tell me that RT score is pretty inaccurate
Reading all the autistic screeching from the Hillary buttlickers with their pussy hats is a fun way to start the morning!
I'd rather go church n PRAISE THE LORD n not rubber ducky!
This is straight gold man
You think the National anthem is a scam but, you're appearing on a network that literally only hires dishonest people...
Damn Right That Stinky Pussy Bitch Be Taken Off The Flight!
This should be interesting.  Who cares if they don't have pariphial vision because of their burka.  What's the worst that could happen
Popcorngate
Hitler
Sooo... No to kite flying?
She is Ka Ka Ka Crazy.. .She said Trump stalked her!! if you look at the debate video, which i have at least a dozen times... it was she that walked near him then stopped near him . he did not come near her, are get anywhere near her space..  While Trump stayed behind his Podium the whole Time. She is not only KRAZZZZY but she is a Pathological LIAR and sociopath. .
Why the fuck is this on trending?
This dude out here trying to deliver the Krusty Krab pizza
Don't you know? \nEverything and everyone is racist. Even the Sun. Its so racist it makes you change your skin color if your around it too long. Or it burns you cause fuck u that's why!
God is punishing everyone oh noo
You've nailed it, well said sir.
Prince Harry ababwa!
It's time we deported 300 million guns and banned the 11+ illegals for purchase.
Build that wall!make the illegals go home to help their families!
stupid police officer and all who says get out from plane
ALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR
Famous celebrities without high school diploma................
This really seems like a black anti-trump anti-American thing...
The mic this guy is using sounds trash
FEMA drill
This woman is making headlines. See what she's doing to make airlines mad!
EZ M' VAN ELS HELYEN?
My family is better 
There were more than one shooters for sure.
she could get a job as a waffle maker
i'd like to pay my respects to HEF (frrrrgghhhhjj <---- that is some major cheese being cut right there)
true. but there ist repetitive music that is also challenging - there's certain complex electronically produced music that does that and also music with lyrics over a repetitive beat that do that. when i listen to a lot of pop i feel numb.
Always great to see Gen. Kelly -- ever smart and ever a true Officer and a Gentleman.
You can hear a woman being abused in the video..
OH Sweet heart - now we can meet to park my car in your garage! Change oil and filter as often as revenge!
We all got it coming kid.
AlJaazera im Disappointed in You Guys ,Im going back to RT
I like this.. You speak like Rod Sterling and that's impressive as hell.
Where is Trump? Trump have not twitted on Mexico 7.1 magnitude earthquake. Unbelievable
you, sir, are a superstar.
Caption this
These guns are made to kill people they arent made for hunting, shooting for fun, or even self defense.  The military made these guns so their side can kill the other side.  This man was a fucking coward, his life wasnt going to great so he decides to murder 50+ innocent humans and kills himself so he wouldnt face the consequences.
Hey I took aknee during the National Anthem, but it wasn't a protest. I just couldn't do it any other way or I would have gotten fined or even fired. A country that doesn't stand for anything will fall for everything. We ain't taking the vaccine anymore. America is full of uneducated, disrespectful, hate filled, un-American, racist, gutless liberals. There will always be racial hate, there will always be racial inequality, there will always be racial profiling. Nothing will ever change, NEVER...Well, there is one way, but, it involves total destruction of the planet. Then re-seeding with one race, one nationality. How many more generations do you think it is going to take to END the race war??? It hasn't been 2 generations as of yet...
Remember that time when Mika accidentally said it was the media's job to control exactly what people think live on air?\n\nMSNBC = Fake News
galls fire wide rrtegald for gallsffirrgallss galsss _and hot fire of not gas trees thing __ bug in neccckkk wipe mouths look for vooodca dodn trippp__wlak <<back pskc for vodaccaa drinks <<<
We kneel when we pray. So why is it so horrible to kneel at the flag? Go fuck yourself Donald!
D E S I G N A T E D \nE\nS\nI\nG\nN\nA\nT\nE\nD
anyone else just rolled their eyes when he said CEO?
Black dudes face doesn't EVEN FLINCH when he says boobs - black dude knows it's true
Well that just sucks, Tom thanks for your music and talent you will forever be missed by myself and many others. May you rest in peace.
That guy is Awesome!
0:41 Possibly not in mexico city \n-Cut to 3:30(mexico city extreme damage)\nMe:WTF\nDesde aca en EE.UU rezamos para ustedes aya en Mexico.
The people that are writing negative comments here are the same folks that watch the Kardashian's show religiously and probably the same people that voted for Donald Trump as well. #wolfinsheepclothing
So curly hair makes you more special than other people? Finally im priviliged
NFL= NO FANS LEAGUE
Visit my page. And watch quick video violence cannot cure violence. If we can understand this, and come from a place of peace, we can begin to make peace amongst all nations and religions, and every other man made doctrine of nonsense. Come now. Learn how to do your part. https://youtu.be/umoV3Qkd_wU. Help me spread the word.
*** POSSIBLE 2ND SHOOTER*** What the news isn't telling you\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuU3xSfF1s0
All the doggyfuckers came to write nigger under the video lol they are so mad they stopped sucking their dogs pink dicks for 5 minutes to type up some red faced outrage LMAO LETS TROLL THEM AND LAUGH AT THEIR EMOTIONAL REPLIES GET YOUR NOTIFICATIONS READY LOL
Everythings racist if it involves a white person
Very sad situation
Get info on animals on your flight BEFORE you get in the plane. Good job sending her away.
Unlike Obama, were not going to spill the fucking beans. Fucking idiot Obama told national fucking news when we were pulling out of Afghanistan.
Sweet talk, I dont think Japanese are racists. Dream on! Try to settle in Japan outside the world of entertainment ....
Can somebody please taze the screaming chick?
Hail Satan
How many dogs will just go mental if someone rang a doorbell?
The call was not a private call. Trump is the president and he signed up to that. I cant call customers at work, mess up a call and claim that the call was private.
Only a mentally sick mind sees this add as Racist.
So, this is like a pepe? A hate symbol that has been parodied over and over.
So beautiful to see their passion while performing!!!
YOU KNOW WAS TAPED ???
Sub to me if this is terrible
heez a purve
she's awesome. follow her on youtube and twitter for a while. like many conservatives, she makes sense.
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
I get chills each time I watch this beautiful video. Thank you all for bringing hope to this world and inspiring those that are beat down to continue to rise up against adversity.
Someone should played the song Ophelia
Talk about baiting. Come on how could Alabama be believe this boob
Way overrated.
Fuck you, old hag Fonda!! Donald Trump has never sexually abused women. He only SAID it braggingly  ..grab 'em by the pussy.
this hurricane ... its not strong as Irma nor Harvey, Maria, and Jose. \n\nEDIT: I'm sorry for underestimating guys... apologies It's a category 2
HAARP weather modification ...
Wow censorship much
Trump caused this probably....No joke American has tools to cause earthquakes remotely
1 Like One Prayer
1) What Jemele Hill tweeted what a large majority of African Americans think. Nothing she said was out of bounds or untrue. \n2) Why is the White House focused on what someone's opinion is? There are far more pressing issues that needs attention.\n3) A fireable offense? She didn't tweet on the behalf of ESPN. She didn't say what she thought on the air. She tweeted from her personal twitter account. Also isn't one of America's foundations freedom of speech?\n\nI have a new found respect for The Six. #iSupport
Not surprised since the royals are all pediphile's.
Y?
Comply or confiscate 10% of the company. Next non compliance take 30% of the company. Next non-compliance take 50% of the company and send in government representatives to work on their board. First job to sack the CEO.
Even with this, banning guns is a bad idea.   We have to have peace and understandings before that can happen.
Let the inbred fucktards die in a pointless war. Then we won't have to deal with them anymore.
I think I am starting to finally get that Family Guy scene where Peter takes Stewie to Disney World and Stewie gets captured by the its a small world ride people and made to in there as a slave with the other children from around the world. I had no clue at the time what the scene was about until I saw it again at a friends house here over the weekend. Jeezo, we spoke about it and prayed that we are still just guessing at its meaning, but the scene now seems creepy second time around ....
Fuck rap.
Trying to figure out where to stand for group class presentations
*SHE NEEDS SOME MILK*
jessica layton, you got a boyfriend?
So he was the man who painted the devil's work of G. Wash. Thanks.
So blacks are racist against blacks?
One thing I found interesting while working on large construction projects with a well known European company is our local trailers had cubicle style workspaces, while the European company's trailers just had large desks wide enough for two or three people to work alongside.
I guess we need to get the elderly whites together to start protesting violence against them. OLD WHITE PEOPLE MATTER!
This is why we can't have nice things
Seems like another rock solid example of CNN journalism.
Farmers are always taken advantage of. And there arr so many regulations and fees for them to pay.
Die already!
Doesn't matter if you're in front row or not.. That ball can go sky high anywhere in the stadium...Poor child..   awwwwww..I pray for that child who got injured....
Why? I wish there was a crazy old man with 1 eye dragging a flesh colored wooden wagon full of raw meat with shards of glass embedded in and throwing it to all the dogs to eat and choke/bleed to death
Triplets are amazingly powerful and energetic but I think YOU missed Snoop's point. Just because it is powerful and challenges the basics of hip-hop beats does not mean it is not wildly overused or that these artists actually know the power and origins of the triplet when they make music. The fact that triplets and the trap rolling hi-hat are so overused actually takes their power away and makes them a thoughtless go-to for wannabe rappers to use because it's in.
Man should have a real job.
How is it category 1?
Asian women look hot even when  they're  old........gonna get me one.
Shits just been getting worse
Tommy thinks a handsome guy like James Franco is perfect because in his mind that's what he looks like.
They asked the brother who lived down street a question for 5 minutes, but they interagted the girlfriend who was in the Philippines for several hours. SMH...so racist. There looking for a minority scapegoat, so the media can blame it on a non-white. So sad.
cnn lmfao let's troll the fuck outta them
My heart and my prayers go out to Mexico and to everyone affected by this terrible earthquake. God bless.
EAT SHIT THEN A GUN YOU TRAITOROUS OLD C**T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DEPORT THIS MISCREANT TO EITHER IRAN OR NORTH KOREA
Land of the opportunity to be mass murdered :)
Damn both sides are stupid. Can't you all agree that Trump has his strengths and faults?
Leave it up to the NRA... They support gun control. They supported gun control in 1934 then again in 1968...etc. They do not support gun owners. They support the government.
end of the world
He wanted to be on the fbi most wanted list, like dad  who betrayed him and his family bank robbing
I so hate humanity. We have digressed over the past 60 years. What a bunch of self centered pieces of shit humanity is. Fucking scum and trash.
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
I am a professor what are you doing?I am a security guard fuck you then.
There are no cars on the roads
Who needs granite, when you got a Marble Countertop
This video was a huge failure, as most people can't figure out what it means.
This is fake! Permafrost aren't melting, because global warming is fake! \n\n\n*sarcastica!*
Hill Dog made the history as the biggest loser in the USA. Damn that woman was, is and always will be the biggest fail of leftists. \nHere's something to run your tears Hill Dog \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcEc8zeNYxI&t=2330s
He is so fake and phony.........there is a crazy man in the office and he defends him?  So on his iPod is everything from ACDC to Zepplin..........one group which plays with themes of Devil Worship and Satanic leaning even with horns and tails on one album with lyrics that speak to this and the other group saying to worship Satan when you run one of their most famous songs backwards.  Then the same people who support him talk about President Obama inviting Common, (a positive rapper),  to the White House, describing him as a thug?
Its lee nelson man you blind
This is the same douche who wasn't paying his child support for months. Get lost jag. Your words are vapor son. Fake as f>@$!
My local farmers market is right on their farm  you can see them picking their corn :)
At least there is NO WAY the FBI can claim that video of the suspect isn't available since they attest they have reviewed  hours and hours of video footage from hotels in relation to this shooting.  Question is...will the PUBLIC ever see any significant portion of it?
Well. Nice to know theres unprofessional asshats throughout society I guess
I believe in exactly what Hughe Hefner believes in; something good, magical, and exciting, yet unconscious.
Interesting theory. Big if true
There's no shortage of conspiracy fuckwits posting in the comments. Sad.
I suppose Micheal Jackson spent all that money for nothing when all he had to do was use Dove soap!
Don't worry another similar  mob will step in to satisfy the penny pinchers.
This is the most beautiful thing Ive ever heard please make an album
Her hero. God  with u
White ppl always wanna blame somebody but themselves
How long are you folks going to take this shit????
Freedom is costly.
TRUMP 2020
You cant do this! I AM VAULT-TEC!
Am I wrong? Or is that a woman?
he lived a full life as we all should as we only have this one life to enjoy ourselves
Directed by Nicholas cage...
Somebody wake me up when this moron finally croaks over and dies, waste of TV time and a piece of shit
Keep speaking up white allies!!!
I saw brian williams jump on stage and rescue jason aldean
to a foreigner this looks like a terrorist act done by the left against Trump supporters...
I've no idea what this plug's supposed to be for or against.
I'm confused on why they are only showing mobile home parks....this is Naples, full of million dollar homes. SMH.I used to live there, my mother was there during the storm, show some real Naples..
I don't cry. I never cry. But tonight. I cried.
You can hear Democrats sighing of tremendous relief. This man had every right to say that violence on the left has gone too far. And I wouldn't blame him one bit if he did. They clap because only because this didn't cause any disruption. Sickening.
According to Sadiq Khan, Muslim mayor of London, this is just everyday life in a big city. True. A big city in some Islamic shithole country teeming with subhuman, stinking, violent Muslims. I remember a family vacation to London in the early 1970s. Then it was actually full of courteous, civilized white Britons. I was there a second time again early this summer, and large parts of it are so rancid and violent with Muslims those areas should be leveled, the Muslims repatriated to whatever Islamic death cult cesspool they crawled out of, and the areas vacated populated by white Britons once again.
Well said. I have only just heard of you Hansen, but you sir, have some solid integrity. Respect.
I wish someone would write a bill that would make it law that anyone running for public office on the federal level should have to study and pass a test on the United States Constitution. If they don't pass the test with a certain score then they are not qualified to run for office because they cannot truthfully swear to uphold something they don't fully understand.
loose juice.
Self determination!
It's not racist, it's not unlike the Michael Jackson video... I believe it was man in the mirror....

and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not to temtation but deliver us from evil LORD'S Prayer
Sexist pig! Ugh...
why'd godzilla have to do mexico like that
So race again? People are intriguing. Who knew those MLK videos for black history month would touch so many people.
Calling it now , it will win an oscar and Wiseau will be given the oscar. It will be amazing
R.I.P Heff
O n | m y | c h a n n e l | *K N I F E | F R E E !* \n(CSGO/DOTA/H1Z1)
I wanna collude Ivanka in the covfefe
Work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work wonk work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work work
It's not racist, you snowflakes.
[f][u][c][k] [y][o][u] [b][i][t][c][h] [a][s][s] [n][i][g][g][e][r] [g][o] [t][o] [h][e][l][l] [u] [n][a][s][t][y] [f][u][c][k] [u] [d][o][n][t] [d][e][s][e][r][v][e] [2] [l][i][v][e] [a][t] [a][l][l][.] [i] [h][o][p][e] [u] [s][t][a][y] [s][t][e][r][i][i][l][e]
If you sub Ill sub back\n\nComment: done when done
Wasn't it just a level 1? Think of puerto Rico which went through something 5 times more powerfuk
Meanwhile, let's profile minorities and ban certain religious practitioner's from entering the United States. Good job at keeping that campaign promise of keeping America safe, Don.
                   
Oh look London getting destroyed by Mooslims where the man in charge is also a Mooslim
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Commie jew
Sweet liberal tears yyummyyyyy!!!!
Donny..youre a douche bag.
why do these videos always have music i never heard of that they think is popular? where is vox that this is popular? also i would say just like fire by pink would be better for the last. that song seems like 3 songs in one or something.
*Everybody has a Guardian Angel in their life and thank you for sharing what your Guardian Angel looks like.*
Praying is dumb.
Ffs
Eve of she was in the wrong she completed her PhD in sociocultural anthropology not gender studies so please stop acting like u all kknow what you're talking about
Lol...she has the same look on her face that Spicer had, just before HE GOT LET GO. HA HA
But y tho?
so sad how they love this awful news
Thats a damn lie..suspend the players if you want to..Players in every sport will take a knee.
Let's play eye spy.\nI spy with my little eye a... car!!
Who's going to tell him America isn't only wealthy  white men?
Didn't god create the world in 7 days
Reporter Logic: So our country's going down the shit hole and china's looking to be the number one economic and military power, but nevertheless I need to express how personally offended that someone mentioned a body part that I happen to have... because not being offended is what truly matters to me in life.
wow,,, the victim again
Taking a knee is also a way to show appreciation, bud. Also note the practically sitting, which means its almost sitting but not quite. Im not a Clinton supporter, but I have no idea how this guy got in office
I would tell my kid at least we are alive, all that shit can be replaced, maybe some items were irreplaceable but you are alive and that's all that matters.
*Featured  Trending*\n*#FixTheName*
Can somebody please taze the screaming chick?
Praying to Satan for Mexico RIP
Is it inevitable that every market eventually has it's own bubble?
Uber rapes
Passing an agenda by having a unified ....what? Ryan just collects a free paycheck and laughs at everyone.
If only\n..
They outnumbered the Trump Moar rally 3 to 1.
I much prefer 50s American Art Deco
lol Hillary is an old joke. Slam Elizabeth Warren next! That brainless hag deserves it.
HE SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT THEY'D KILL HIM LIKE THEY DID KING AND KENNEDY
Thank you it's has nothing to do with the flag 
And this content deserved trending?
https://youtu.be/MvOeDMrOwCI ... Bill Clinton and Weinstein PEDOPHILES, CONFIRMED!!!
time to put the NFL in a museum way in the back in a dark room where no one will ever see it again...

This guy is almost as nuts as the Las Vegas shooter himself.
I'm gonna get a job at whatever nursing home he's in and stir my shit into his food at every meal.
Lord infamous
We will rebuild we always do...LOVE TEXAS & FLORIDA 
So this is how it looked before the nukes, huh.
This really change my point of view on guns
Made more than just one mistake
MEXICO is being punished for all the drugs and crime , cartals, and thousands of murders that happen every year in mexico because of drugs.....Mexico registered more than 2,000 murders in May 2017 alone , a record high for any month since 1997..The spirit of these people have come back to haunt you all.
SENNNDDDEEEETTTT
I have a better idea - let's make murders illegal... this will stop em all! Ohh, wait....
I did a project for this in art class.
MY LOVEEEE
I did not expect to see Earle Brown mentioned in this video. Nice one, Vox.
That thumbnail hahaha
Hes probably gonna look for his wives killer and look in the mirror
We are in the last days! People better wake up! Read your Bible! The book of Revelation is fulfilling prophetic.! Jesus is coming!
Why is this a problem?\n\nIt's just doing it's daily commute!!
This looks so cool when you're high
So this is basically saying that if Hillary was elected president, we wouldn't have this issues, because she'd make sure with her private servers that middle-class white people won't be unequally sharing Internet access across the nation?
What he is saying: Those 16 people don't matter as much as those thousands.
Well, they did sign up to put on a show.
How to make wypipo chimp out: *OJ is innocent*
That is weird, I've now seen 3 black guys speaking fluent Japanese in less than a week. 2 on this video, & one on some PBS show about Japanese textiles.
Wait, we are the customers, why can't we do something about this? Theresa May kill TFL off now. Why do we even need this stupid agency? If there's a problem with the company, get a class action lawsuit (that is ALL you need, and some investigators - THAT'S IT), if the company is surcharging somehow or abusing its power, then do the same - prohibiting somebody is just screwing the rest of us while the black cabbies get to charge us through the roof because they don't want to actually work for their money.
Yes we need morals
Operation\n\nMockingbird.
That dude would've been me all the way
Is is just me but does anyone find it so so tacky when people refer to their work as an empire\n\nLike the kardashians coined that word but if anything the hiltons have a way bigger empire and don't even call their brand that yet ironically have way more wealth\n\nNothing wrong with having a lot of money and a brand but I just find it so so tacky and pretentious when people say my empire or building an empire I criiiinge
How did they make this effect though
It's Lord Infamous' Flow
Fake news
Cool subscribe to my channel
I love the amendment, boobs and when leftist butts burn
I bet some of them sleep together in the past no wonder some of them has shame on their faces.
Way to embarrass your country as you play a game overseas.  How does it feel to be away from your family a few days?  Now imagine what it's like for our service men and women.  You are fools....
This is incredible - I feel for all who lost so much - the message from above might be start fresh - make room for the new -  it will only be better lots of good luck to all!
fuck ESPN fuck all those scumbags stand or leave
My family is better 
No surprises there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUWCiiTqaUE
Let me guess, nothings goin on? Its a misunderstanding? The left is blowing this out of proportion?
Fuck baseball
How does anyone think Trump is competent?
end of the world
What a fag.
Trump is his God. Trump says a lot of hateful & ignorant things so by his logic Trump is the reason the shooting happen? Look at Trump's campaign alone, so hateful. Logic works both ways. Trump didnt cause that tragedy, the shooter did. Damn why did he have to say that and act like he speaks for all Christians?
This is obviously a hate crime.  A black man went into a white church and started shooting at everyone.  Stupid racist....  Good thing Robert Engle had a gun to stop him.  What a hero!
I fucking love him.
I'm glad Spicer got fired. Now he gets to be awesome.
He knew and kept his mouth shut
Muslims gotta take responsibility and tell those terrorist Muslims to stop doing bad things. Please, it makes me sad to see people get hurt :(
When I  see the antifa flag 0:05 and a t-shirt 0:45 I made up my mind to who is right
How can we spend more money on ensuring guns are available for killing people in Las Vegas and for bombing civilians in Afghanistan and Yemen, if we allot funds for healthcare at home or for survivors of hurricanes?
A
I don't see how anyone can disagree with this
I want to see OJ response the the Netflix show OJ vs the people and what he thinks about it
how come it was taking and sending HD pics keeping in mind it was launched in 97 must have taken at least 3 yrs in development, HD pics in 1994? what am I missing here?
wow that lag at 0:23 really stresed me out lmfao
Catcher in the Rye and how it influenced Mark David Chapman.
O n | m y | c h a n n e l | *K N I F E | F R E E !* \n(CSGO/DOTA/H1Z1)
Is she a suspect well ask the American organized crime groups Isis ,isil, al-Qaida antifa, whatever name pick of the week, the military, the msm are they going to use her as a pawn as well?
mass killing? how about this ?  nuked Japan. Death toll: 145,000 to date in Nagasaki, 250,000 in Hiroshima 1947-49 - U.S. helps command extreme-right Greece party in Civil War. Death toll: about 70,000 contributed by US-backed forces 1948-54 - CIA directs war against Huk Rebellion in Philippines. Death toll: about 11,000 1950 - Independence movement crushed in Ponce, Puerto Rico Death toll: conservative historians estimated about 8,000 peasants 1950-53 - Korean War Death toll: about 1,776,000 1952 - CIA overthrows Democracy in Iran Death toll: about 20,000 1954 - CIA directs invasion of Guatemala after new Democracy Death toll: about 140,000 missing and dead 1958 - In Lebanon, marine occupation against rebels Death toll: about 2,000 1960-75+ - Vietnam War including Cambodia and Laos Death toll: about 4,502,000 including civilians and resulting famines (conservative estimates) 1961 - Cuba's Bay of Pigs Invasion fails Death toll: about 4,000 1963 - In Iraq, CIA organizes coup against President and agrees to back formerly exiled Saddam Death toll: about 7,000 including civilians 1964 - In Panama, troops kill protesters against US-owned canal Death toll: about 1,000 1965 - CIA assists Indonesian coup Death toll: about 900,000 1966 - Troops and bombers threaten pro-communist parties in Dominican Republic Death toll: about 3,000 1966-96 - Green berets in Guatemala against rebels, US backs pro-American forces in country until 1996 Death toll: about 200,000 1970 - Directs marine invasion of Oman Death toll: about 2,000 1973 - CIA directs coup to oust elected Marxist president in Chile Death toll: 30,000... 3,000 later disappeared under US-installed dictator 1976-92 - CIA assists South-African rebels in Angola Death toll: median estimate at 550,000 1981-90 - CIA directs Contra invasions in Nicaragua Death toll: median estimate at 30,000 1982-84 - Marines expel Lebanese rebels, aided by Israel Death toll: 40,000 1987-88 - US intervenes for Iraq against Iran Death toll: about 150,000 during time-frame, 100,000 during Desert Storm, 350,000 from resulting famine 1989 - US invades to oust CIA-installed Panamanian government gone rouge Death toll: 2,000 1992-94 - US-led occupation of Somalia during civil war Death toll: 50,000 in combat, 300,000 by starvation 2001+ - US Occupies Afghanistan Death toll: 120,000 including civilians and combatants and resulting Opium Wars 2003+ - Iraqi War Death toll: 665,000 also by starvation, displacement - Libya 2011 TOTAL: 10,431,000
oh love this game!!!
I'm all for a safe homeland, but what a crock of shit from the parliament/media. This is probably one of the laziest attempts I've ever seen. That being said I'm glad everyone is okay.
4:00 Jane Fonda at 20 years. The director said her part would include to play a woman having an orgasm so he needed to sleep with her. She turned him down. Remember this was the DAUGHTER of Peter Fonda which was big game in the industry then. (She turned the guy down, she got the part anyway, he was nice to her afterwards).
Everyone there so called celebrities are apart of garbage shows that retards watch.
all these clips and no replay..... Just Saying... But Sad for the little girl...
Prayers to those innocents but except those drugs dealers hoping they'll be dead.
Well now we really know that Jesus is coming to earth
Wow!!
$39 million in fines divided by 180,000 people = $217 per person.  Wow. Throw millions of people off healthcare, take healthcare away from people who can least afford it.  All to eliminate a penalty of $217 per person.
very cool
Obama admin approved bump stocks You fucking dumb libtards!! Banning this wont help you need to let Americans carry so we can shoot back!  Libtards are dumb as rocks\n\nBtw the guy didnt act alone he was either Antifa or Isis
That was fucking disgusting
Geez let them die already
Gibraltar voted 95% to remain in the EU
Youre representing your corporate donors.
Hope you guys saw how Charlie Rose was very defensive in this
This is how Trump got elected people dont know how to do their jobs and screen and check peoples identity properly hes probably a russian spy
this is like watching someone spam the Gmod clone tool...
NO MORE FOOTBALL FOR ME, NO THANK YOU.
We need to take a bullet the right way god
They had to, she wouldn't leave.
Who wants to sneak in and assassinate the sick fucks that run this place?
Wow. He definitely was pissed about this. A very serious statement disguised as a joke...
Jeff flake is a horrible. If the bill were so good why jam in through? Cretins.
Omg no more HURRICANE'S man
I'm not a Juggalo, but I know some, they aren't bad people. I don't like ICP's music, but that movie they made was hilarious.  I fully support their cause and their tactics, and hope their example can put an end to the political violence we're seeing all over the place, hopefully leading to bigger reforms of the govt.
I love redhead Irish girls.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kXLN6twstuQ
Ah white America.
Trending probably has to do with what's a trending topic. In this case, donald trump, and politics
This. Is. Youtube. Trending.
DO NOT WATCH ECLIPSES OR PAY ANY ATTENTION TO THEM!!!\nmany people don't understand that the Sun and Jesus Christ are the same consciousness, this is why there are so many references to Jesus being the 'way, truth, and Light' in religious writing. Sadly, few understand that the 'moon' is the remnant of a destroyed planet that collided with either Earth or Venus around four and a half billion years ago. It's core and Earth's core are mixed together, this is why the core of the Earth is thicker/heavier than it should be for a planet this size. while the physical remnant of the collision is the moon, the remaining consciousness of this destroyed planet is actually the entity known as 'Satan' or 'the devil' and has been since the birth of our planet. Scientists have shown that gas giant planets can determine the order of orbit of smaller planets in a system with their gravitation....it can be deduced that the 'moon' or dead planet that used to orbit between Earth and Venus (this has been surmised by scientists for a long time because of the orbit of Earth being further away from Venus than it should be) has an evil consciousness of hate because it cannot forgive the forced that caused its collision and destruction. Therefore, this consciousness seeks to destroy every human life as revenge for itself having been destroyed as well. While it seems an innocuous astronomical event, the truth is that the covering of the Light of the Son/Sun of God by the evil force in the universe known as 'the devil', the moon is absolutely DEVASTATING to Jesus Christ, the Light of the world. It is as if he is watching millions of people revere and applaud the devil himself. This is why God allowed the monotheistic cults to take over mankind from the ancient traditions of polytheism, because humanity kept falling into moon worship; this is why there is a commandment in the bible not to 'worship any member of the heavenly host' (stars and planets). You can find depravity and sickness in every culture that had an aspect of moon worship, for instance the Incan fishermen that used to sacrifice living children to the 'moon God' by cracking open their chests and offering their beating hearts to this force of evil. Also much of the violence in fundamentalist Islam (including mutilation of children's genitalia) comes from moon worship as Islam is a cult of moon worship, which is why so many Islamic flags have the moon on them ( & also why every dignitary that travels to Saudia Arabia is asked to touch the moon orb, as Trump was pictured doing).
So... A mudslide. The heck is with this title?
Hell ya Brother!
Lol that thumbnail, BBC Logo with a reporter with a RT mic
AlJaazera im Disappointed in You Guys ,Im going back to RT
Rip to all 2,996 innocent victims who died that horrible day \n \n;__;)7
If you expect the government to bail you out you will suffer every time. Leave some money in the taxpayers pockets and let us prepare for ourselves. Nothing is more inefficient than government.
So dumb!
Even a 5 year old will know that this guy is hiding something and has something to do with it, he's trying so hard to hide it
Fooking pussies
Awww, I really, really, really like you too
So, if fallout shelters are hard to get into, then if radiation leaks... They're hard to get out of.
A ljazeera is in favor of making a referendum in all Arab countries.
What a dickhead Trumpy
lmao @ nashville lmaoo @ Iowa
This guy should be a world leader. Like if agree.
Ex Muslim Atheists are worse than regular muslim pedos. Hail religion!
Its critical so many have died. You have to question the evacuation procedures to include mandatory evacuations earlier. The Military should be called to force evacuations. Terrible but also only those involved know if it has been mismanaged causing death or other unavoidable factors. Many I suspect refused to leave and resources to enforce mandatory evacuations were stretched. Not an easy geographic area to manage either. Condolences to thise who lost a loved one and those who list their homes. Our thought are with you. Stand strong. You will get through this. One tip, brunt photo albums that are somewhat intact and can be be pried open,  in some instances the albums are just melted and sealed. Forcing them open or cutting through the melted seams msy reveal photos beyond the first couple of pages and the last damaged but in between photos are intact. I know this after a friends house fire. Provided some relief.   But things are not important in the end , lives matter. Be safe and look after each other. To the Fire Fighters,:your bravery, skills and hard hard work are appreciated and we wish you all safety and success containing these ferocious fires. Take care of each othe too.
When the video started: Yayyy\nAt the end of the video: oh...
where's those solar eclipse people at? heheh
Funny what passes for news theses days.
WILL YOU LET GO OF THAT STUPID PIZZA ALREADY?\n\nI CAN'T, IT'S FOR THE CUSTOMER!
47 guns theory to do few minutes shooting its a bullshit...no one carry and use 47 guns to shoot 3 minutes  they use your gun ownership freedom for taking them from you.
He'll be back in prison soon.  He can't control his pathological violence.
It looks so peaceful. I hope the US dont invade them.
Is it possible he did this forcibly? Maybe blackmailed?
Paleeze!!
Monopoly guy is great but what does that equifax CEO shine his head with?
2:31  if you be lost power, we're here for you.\nYeah, they're watching you with no power.
Help others start families?\nNah, this guy was broke
The world renowned sex addict has finally kicked the bucket.  Too bad he managed to destroy American culture with his sleaze before doing so.
Hey remember when you were inside me? (Hard pause).
The look on the other guys face lol
Follow my Vlog bad boy
Hah hah Hah
Thanks hats1976,yes I'm a multi millionaire lawful citizen, with 3000 guns,I would like to attend all that I can
Genuinely cannot wait for this man to die. We are all born equal, but our actions thereafter dictate what we become. This sack of degenerate flesh has proven he is nothing but an inferior insect yearning to be crushed.
The nigga was overrated
Famous celebrities without high school diploma................
not playing ?
I bet rapper don't even know all of this about there own music
People in the comments are autistic. He's blaming it on a lack of respect for authority and a lack of basic morals. It's not hard to understand his message. I'm an atheist, BTW.
He nails it. Bravo.
I'm
No one gives a shit about the Emmy's
They should really put up more safety nets
This guy is trash, to make open insensitive comments like that. Oh they look like mexicans to him. Ulginest shining through and through, and the ppl who support this douchebag.
Somebody give a knighthood to that man!!!!!!!!!
Guess she got her fifteen minutes of fame. What an embarrassment she is. If she is so allergic to dogs then why not hurry to get off the plane? She is utterly ridiculous. Too bad they did not stun gun her ass
qualiy content
The interviewer's hair is distracting & looks stupid, & he's stupid for keeping that in a job like this.
Texas, Florida, Mexico..... California is next :/
Grow a fucking pair! I'm so sick of people .
Take note Spain Sweden and Germany - this is the future - sovereignty is freedom. The EU is going backwards. What England does today the world does tomorrow
22k and trending...
She doesn't sound very scared or shocked
I just wanna know how the women are treating him over there ;)
Cuba's president nice joke
Nice video I like Harry
I was just reading this book
Is Mexico giving drugs to earth again? :/
Despite all the hate today in the US, they are still people working on making this world and this country better. Very touching performance, you seeem to have a huge respect for music and I love that. Congratulations to the kids and the teachers !
NK looks like a beautiful country that are way more advanced than many western countries. I can see why US is very bitter of them since it is a direct challenge to the message that the US gov wants its citizens to follow. NK may be the utopia for our current world. I hope they can defense themselves from the invaders and free the rest of the world from modern slavery.
LOTS OF PRAYERS FOR YOU ALL
so funny I forgot to laugh
lol a thumbnail of firearms to scare people into blaming firearms. When fake news media blames alcohol and Muslim ideology for DUI's and suicide bombings then they'll be less fake news
The rich people of America are all butt hurt lol f this Fox news guy. \n  Trump is bringing hope to America again! !!!
Pulse gun
Deadliest Mass Shooting in US History....... that record won't last long... good ole 3rd world country america
Geez I live in Georgia and Irma barely touched us but took out my power for 3 days which felt like a year. Hopefully they will be ok.
Disrespect for women human rights
gerns is faking
It's easy to make broad statements and not point out what is specifically wrong. (Actual problems that we hace evidence of racism and correct accordingly)  Rather this video expressed more feelings and not facts.  I am white and I personally was attacked by a group of racists saying f*** white people while I was going to Calculus. Nobody got in tro8ble and no announcement was discussed in school for the small groups of 12-20 people causing hate on school campus. It seems people only are concerned about issues involving white on black racism.
Who else thought this was a 360 video from the way the video started
I love women, respect them, and my mom always thought me to treat them like a gentleman. But i have ZERO compassion for all these women coming out from hollywood making a scene and the bandwagon of actors that fakely goes on twitter to say 'it's good we talk about it, don't be afraid.\n\nTo make it in modelling or hollywood, you basically have to sell your soul (not physically i'm talking morally). The people in power are generally pedophiles that are abusing young instable kids filled with child issues that are ready to do anything to make it. Which is why most artists and actors and models are drugs addicts, beat their lovers, are attention whores. They put themselves in that spot first. They chased the fake fame. I'm not gonna be sorry for them.
Here are a few things here I think are important and cool about Gibraltar:\n- Gibraltar is one of the last territories that the UN considers a colony in the world. Gibraltar in this video is shown to be an entity Britain would give up and give back to Spain, but the residents and government of Gibraltar want to be entirely independent of both countries and be their own sovereign nation. \n-Gibraltar is entirely self-sufficient economically and they actually end most years with a surplus\n-Gibraltar is not just English and Spanish. Because of the small populace, minorities have a substantial impact on the culture. These include a large Indian community as well as the second largest population of Jews per capita in the world\n-Going off the previous point, many people from Gibraltar speak Llanito, a hybrid of Spanish and English with many words and phrases from Hebrew/Yiddish and Hindi mixed in.
Fuck you, youtube!
Lol isn't it ironic how America does a great job at keeping terrorist out because of their xenophobic and prejudice outlooks while being home to one of many scumbags who have caused many of these fucked up terrorist attacks in America. Now, let's see here the Columbine shooting, Oklahoma City bombing, Charleston Church shooting, etc and now this? You know what all these events have in common? They're all domestic attacks by citizens who happen to be white( yes even your fellow white american can be a terrorist, not just middle eastern people or those who happen to be of Islamic religion) So who are the real terrorist here America? Who are you trying to keep out?
That's cool. I want to visit some day
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
how you get kill from wild fire make me understand ?
I'm confused WHY WOULD YOU GO TOWARDS A FLAMING BUCKET?? I WOULDVE RAN AND BEEN LIKE: HAAAAA NOPE
A Alex we are both there! lol A seven year old did not write that letter! She reading like a robot! I really am convinced she has to have a battery in her back! She cant even act well to make it sound believable!
I think he knows something  Look at him he's shaking. Why tf is he shaking?
Guys the original Weaboo
She's still upset about Hillary losing get over it. Another sick liberal.
I know one thing: Tommy has absolutely NO idea about the art of filmmaking: from his favourite scene in The Disaster Artist to giving rights based on one of the worst films in Franco's catalogue to... The Room itself
What will ferrell movie is this clip from again?
hi tody
I actually agree with this .the dogs shouldn't have to leave the dog shouldn't be separated from there owner
Hope they are alright..
I don't get it, what happened?
Same shit in Estonia tho
what if it really cracks?
THE JUICE IS LOOSE MY NIGGAZ
Recon Plane: And we'll send our bombers through here. And then our tanks will push through, followed by the 5th Marines where they'll mop up any stragglers. 75th Rangers will make a B Line towards Kim Jong's palace while our F-35's make mincemeat of their sorry excuse of an air force. By then most of Kim Jong's forces would have either surrendered or abandoned their posts, should be over within hours.
They want to show you what it looks like, before we decimate it. \n\nThe plane is red white and blue 
More than anything this book taught me how to build a negro snowman. For that, I am beyond grateful.
Iconic
THE JUICE IS LOOSE!
This is just white ignorance
Not for nothing but you highlighted a subsection referencing shotguns.  I don't really care about this opinion piece but you should at least read the proposed legislation long enough to get to the correct place.  While you are at it you could mention the other things this legislation proposed to ban. My $.02.
Just to clear who he was. He was lee nelson. Not his real name but now u kno who i mean
He was never shot. It was a staged hoax. Wake up people!!!
ROB THAT NIGGER.
In a couple days white people will come and loot whatever they see, how was
Interesting, isn't it, that the so called shitlords like MacFarlane were the ones calling him out while all the pious folk did nothing and let it go on.
Fck islam and peadophile prophet muhammed
If he were black\nHis brains would have been splattered all over the fuccing track by that cop\n\n\n\nEdit:insert triggered comments
It's about time something bad happened to Ireland :D
and then debris starts flying at him hits him and he goes flying away somewhere...
She thinks my tractor is sexyyyyy. It really turns her on
So what? Banning a bump stock doesn't mean anything. All it does is help with bump firing... which you don't need any device to do that.
That's why I love president trump! Americans you should listen to your president.
'\nwow catalonia and spain becomes own civil war in western europe...\nvery sorry
I thought it was cloudy today in Oakland but no it was just the smoke from Santa Rosa. Today the sky was beige/orange. Messed up.
omgoodness!!!
3:37 lol they started fixing their hair in a line
I'm seeing a lot of hate towards the hateful. Stay safe London. Love, Johnny.
I'm ready for the next hurricane to hit the east coast and get rid of some racists scum!
Looks so amazing, if only they could put decent designers on their phones. Instead they made bullshit like the iPhone x, nice going apple.
This was a Trump hate crime to show all the Trump supporters racist individuals to put away their hate love and be there for one another  and unite ...Did they deserve it?  Absolutely Not .White lives black lives brown lives all lives matter and until all this racism doesn't stop there's no doubt in my mind that this will continue to occur in the future..
Prayers for mexico and its people god bless
Divide -The-Nation in Chief doing what he knows best. Every trash that comes out his mouth is to divide the family, community and ultimately, the nation. Christian evangelicals have been crying end of world for ages and they have fullfilled their own prophecy by voting the Antichrist.
He's right.
False flag appears to be when a tragedy happens then politics take advantage of it
climate change is real and its affecting weather patterns/stimulating natural disasters. it doesnt take a genius to see correlations like this, and people STILL think somehow that the bible and god have something to do with it. its truly not that difficult to educate yourself these days so stop using religion as an excuse for every good or bad thing
Nah fam, just by looking at him is enough to make me stay away from any drugs.
the Kardashians are beautiful stop hating
The girl in pink is world famous now...she will be in a movie..will get a book deal. write a book...become a porn star...be at super market openings and dine with the royals...she will commended for her bravery and given a medal..she will be a millionaire by XMAS.
Some where in there Mr. Pickles is scalping somebody.
Darn Ruskies, back at it again with the strategically distributed propaganda
I think this here is alot similar to this..https://goo.gl/mwV2MN
Muslim,\nAnila Daulatzai often wears an Islamic hijab, and in 2014-15 was Visiting Assistant Professor of Womens Studies and Islamic Studies at Harvard Divinity School.\n\nMuslims hate dogs and consider them filthy. Under Islam, owning a dog, other than a working dog, is considered a sin.
Are you really making her the victim.. wtf.
This whole thing does not add up...Something fishy is going on.
You ran your own party into the ground. If you just didnt do anything you couldve cruised right through the election. Now youre just a joke. You disappoint me theresa may
Notice she said we need more people on the underground, see in times like this you're all left to figure it out yourselves. When the unions complain of a system running on minimum numbers they aren't saying it for fun you know.
He deserved a beating
The Juice is too cool for jail! He is my idol....where da white womans at?......
Why is there even a thumbs down button on the comments? Somebody... please explain???
and where did all the money go that was not being spent on civil defense?\nto help fund THE BLOATED LEFT WING WELFARE SYSTEM\nwhat the democratic party has done to our nation is far more destructive than any nuclear weapon ever conceived
trump or hilary id rather have trump as a president any day over that fraudulent bitch.
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
Nah, BULLSHIT!!! It's Russia that hacked the shooting. They are very active nowadays.
Cool Bro
I agree 100% with this guy. #boobsmatter
I read Trump Insane Juan at first.
On one hand, I respect their right to do a peaceful protest.  On the other hand, I don't give a shit about the NFL or the opinions of a bunch of rich athletes that are making a career out of just moving a ball across the field while accumulating brain damage.  At least Hockey is fast paced and enjoyable.
As many as the shooting....I feel desensitized to disasters...
Hes not a prime minister hes An Taoiseach
Next time just leave the black bitch out of it then.  Or how about we don't have any people in the ad.  Let's just have a bar of soap sitting there alone doing nothing.
This is terribly racist. Those are just black people
LIBERAL PROPAGANDA!!!
Morden works? = copied old works => new stuffs
youtube is running out of trends i see.
I stopped at overrated and instantly downvoted this. This is one of the best books written in (semi)modern times. To even pretend otherwise is moronic. Between the hillary pandering and moronic titles like this video i have zero respect for anything vox says.
Well at least they have a good reason. lol stupid women
She is amazing ....
It's hard to believe that a broadcaster at Brooke Baldwin's level would get the vapors over such a trivial incident. She must have been acting.
The tension between The DR and Haiti is not about race but about nationality and culture. The DR has people of all different colors, heck you can see that in the border only the uniform lets you see the Dominicans, it is NOT a war for race, it is more like the American-Mexican conflict just that it has escalated a lot more.
I bet trump happy about this
check.   out.     now    my.  video.    shared.    now.
No wonder this country is going in the shitter.
Kick her out I hate animals haters.
The guy on the hood isn't the only one who should be charged. The bus driver got it wrong too. Driving with someone hanging on to your hood is an unnecessary endangerment. All the bus driver needed to do was keep the man from boarding or driving away when he got the opportunity.\n\nThis is a firing offense.
21 replys to my comment but only 1 shows up ? DELETE FREE SPEECH MUCH CBS?
The real Playboy
3:35 \nIs that guy wearing a hat with the confederate flag on it?
1. I wonder who cleaned up all the \n2. Did anyone lose their dog?
Why is this still trending
made in usa
?
That was great.
Burnt all the safe spaces to hide in.
Nothing in this video looks like a mass shooting.
Its a ghost town in the middle of the day. Barely any cars or movement at all down there. Creepy as hell
I'm gonna get a job at whatever nursing home he's in and stir my shit into his food at every meal.
Great points were made well done boys
How well Portugal understands Catalonia. Catalonia is just 377 years late! We left at 1640, and they could have too! Good luck, boa sorte, bona sort!
where am i
https://youtu.be/wJBBlntDtEU
The murderer is a Christian. Why did not you tell the world that he is a terrorist or that you are not saying a terrorist except to Muslims?\nAccording to US media:\nIf the murderer is not Muslim, he is undoubtedly mentally unstable and if he is a Muslim, he is certainly a terrorist!.The American people are foolish
Thank you Trump!!! You are making America Great Again!! GTFOH...
You're paying for this APPLE PARK, with your $800 iPhone.
I wonder why the temperature is rising so fast? Maybe...Global Warming???!!!!
Rih man slut
47%
I'm
prays going up for Mexico
The host told Sterling K. Brown he saw his movie Marshall, but the movie hasn't even come out yet 
This is honestly the type of work I really want to do in the future!
Boohoo shpw the Caribbean. It's gone. Not all this happy white suburban homes without roofs. People in st marteen don't have roofs anymore either... OR HOMES
Founder preparation slide cheese category many elsewhere neither.
Sadly, he is not in heaven with God.
A whole new batch of meth heads in dc once the juggahoes arrived. I'm sure the dealers are happy.
IS THE PARK MADE BY POOR ASIAN PEOPLE TOO?
The new guy??  Whoppi is horrible. She has no respect.  Can you imagine if someone referred to past president Obama as the, new guy, what outrage the left would have had.And this smear campaign against our commander and chief from the View is totally inappropriate and evil.  Wake up producers this is outrageous to have a show on that is daily digging a pit and steam rolling the president.  Proverbs 26:27 Whoever digs a pit will fall into it; if someone rolls a stone, it will roll back on them.  One does not have to be so evil just because their candidate lost.  This is heartbreaking and hurtful and pure evil for Whoopi and Joy and Sunny and the rest of the liberal panel to be so mean spirited negative and unpatriotic in their daily steam rolling and trying to find anything to talk about that will hurt our president.  In tears thinking about all the horrible things this show has done to our nation and our president.  Tragic and heartbreaking..
I didn't expect juggalos to have money to travel.
They better save their potatoes, otherwise they gonna have another famine again...
*One is USA like and the other looks more like Mexico*
the mosquito getting attacked by the fungus was really cool
Sprzedaj swoje niepotrzebne przedmioty na www.ryneczek.com.pl
Like a 7 yr ol can write like that. Lol
Looks like a GGN reporter lmaooo
I guess the bunnies aren't going to be playing Hop on Pop anymore.
A BUCKET BOMB? WTF!
Foundation left twist magazine practical conservative effectiveness rent paint
Nothing is more irksome than asking a question and then interrupting the answer
I'm glad you highlighted Florida. I'm terrible at geography.
Kim's voice is annoying 
Just wait until one of those Juggalos wants to date your daughter
The mom trained her daughter for months for this moment, trust me.
really 
IDGAF
lol
We will rebuild we always do...LOVE TEXAS & FLORIDA 
Look out Sarsour, someone wants your position!
He sounds like Brain from family guy lol
It's clear to the world now that the government is what is criminal. The police are just hired gun men for the criminal government.
These precious children already know what racism is! They already know what it feels like to be hated because of their skin color! The confederates are the perpetrators as well as the people who continue to deny the existence of racism! CHILDREN KEEP RISING! Continue being the lights in the midst of injustice and hate!
this is the reason there are so many fembois
I took the Red Pill and didn't realize it. I'm not going back! I love you Candace, she is the next Tomi Laren! Facts are what trigger Liberals, they go nuts! LOL
I am in Florida and there are  thunderstorms worse then this
The Juicy is Loosey
The tourist guide was faking.
Wtf how is that racist
Why can't they drink the water 
I'm too sure why people are so annoyed, if Uber hadn't been cutting corners for years they wouldn't be in this situation
The title isn't really biased, but the tone is kind of is.  I know the video's author had good heart and messages,  but the choices of title and content is kinda off. Racism is racism, and is bad, no point argue.  But what is this video's about? \nThe title is about how DR and Haiti are two different country,  but your video content is kind of narrow (I'm not saying is wrong), this kind of problem is extremely complex, everything involved masses always is.  People shouldn't blame one party when there's a bunch of them involved. And is not just about people,  there's history,  policy, government (and a corrupt one too), there's deep-seated resentment,  and bad habit.  Things like this couldn't just change in one night,  the people and the government has to have the will to change and resources. \n\nRasicm is one thing,  but with human there's never one side of a coin. I think you need to be a little bit cautious and smart about making this kind of video, because when it could help raising awareness it could very well be a misleading with large range of viewer.
Cliff Notes: leftist Hollywood celebrating themselves and how great they are and telling the people what to do to help others while they keep buying houses.
I was waiting for a video about masculinity. There has been something wrong about why male should be like. I've observing a lot and concluded that thee is a crisis of masculinity that affects not only to me, but the rest.
We don't care about mobile homes. Show us more of regular houses, that's what's interesting because everyone knows a mobile home can't hold up to a hurricane.
dh sbterraninz -.-
The mainstream media has to be furious he doesn't fit into a certain demo. Besides his skin color he's just not that interesting. Sigh.
What camera rig was used?
Luke 21:11: * And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.*\n\nLuke 21:25: *And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring*\n\nBelieve what you want, but prophecies are coming true. United nations will declare year of peace and security on 21. september this year. Look what Bible says:\n\n1Thesselonians 5:3: *For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.*\n\nThen on 23. september the constellation virgo will have 12 stars above her head, sun on her head, moon at her feet and JUPITER WILL EXIT HER WOMB after 9 MONTHS! Guess what Bible says?\n\nRevelation 12:1-2: *And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars: And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.*\n\nRepent till it's still time, brothers and sisters. Take it serious as it is and don't believe people or megachurches, chatolic churches, organisations, cults.. Believe only WORD OF GOD and STUDY IT! Accept Jesus as your saviour and REPENT! Stop sinning and walk with God! God bless you in Jesus name!
A real dictator would have made this Jesse Williams guy disappear after this stupid rant.   So STFU ABOUT DICTATOR...
cnn is fake news
ATTN ATHLETES: \nDont kneel. That's what these whites want to see you at mercy. Stand up proud and turn your back to that racist flag!!!
ABC report on. Clintons uranium dealings. Not this nonsense. Obama ,Hillary ,Mueller ,Holden off to prison.
VIVA ESPAA. SEND IN THE TROOPS. GIVE THEM A GOOD BEATING  IN THE ASS.
Uber is the wild west of taxi cabbing
0:41 10:56 11:52 Who ever edited this did an excellent job!\nVery _haunting._
Lol, these clips were taken so out of context
It seems California is under judgement from god
God bless those storm chasers
God damn it i wish i was that toddler
Wow, that is a fine young person.  She exudes positive energy.  She will go places!
It's about fucking time.
Yeah, blame men.  Fonda is a hypocrite.   She did nothing to help  .  Her career is more important then her morals.
Does anyone think about him being framed??
Seems like they're just handing them out
Fuck the democratic party. Our government is using this false flag to disarm americans. You will NEVER get our fucking guns assholes!
So let me get this straight, many of you are mad because you feel like the NFL players are disrespecting the people who have fought for this country, who fought for the right of freedom of speech, but yet will stand with Donald Trump after all the racial hatred of he demonstrates towards others? He is the most disrespectful SOB out here and yet no one has issues with the consistent disrespect that he shows towards minority's and now these NFL players. My husband is military and he finds it ridiculous that people continue to call kneeling during the anthem disrespectful. He has never felt disrespected by people who choose to kneel. He says he fights for that right and it should be exercised. If people are condemned for doing something that the land of the free say is okay to do, what is he fighting for... #taketheknee
the lincoln ad pist me off...there's other sites that have weather
she needs just milk bra just milk
Oh good lord
Pfff wtf this is nothing
Heeeeeeelllllllll No\nHehe I'd probably still walk it ^^
Adorable :)
https://youtu.be/x72w_69yS1A Here somthing proper capitalist pigs\n\nRead more
1:59 talking sheep
Its famous because mindless, bureaucratic high-school teachers are told that the book is iconic, so they conform to their script by telling students to adore it. Therefore, your average sheep in society claims that they love To Kill a Mocking Bird, 1984, Le Mis, Mozart, Shakespeare, black-and-white cinema, traditional print and etc. Why do many individuals adamantly defend the quality of all these particular items, as they know little to nothing about these said topics? It is because, once something is old enough, no one can ever question its greatness. If you want to try to come across as intelligent, when youre really not, become a sycophant; then, you can recite all the traditional works of art your teachers spoon-feed you; thus, allowing you to come across as a blind buffoon acting as intelligent. Why bother actually looking into traditional media, having actual exposure while developing an understanding, when one can simply say they respect it by reciting what their told in school? Also, dismiss any modern artists/material, pretending to have respect for the classical titles that you have never devoted the time or energy to see, hear or read -- opt out of seeing Dunkirk or Logan Lucky, chose to see the latest Happy Madison production, laugh at all the jokes while claiming the film was awesome, but claim to have deep respect for Alfred Hitchcock films they have never scene; furthermore, being some cad millennial who reads garbage like Twilight and listening to trash like Beiber. When I was younger we had more less anti-social video games as opposed to the online garbage that these VEGAN, HIPSTER, PC, SJW, TREND STARTING, INTERNET ABUSING, RALLY ATTENDING, TABLET USING, SOCIAL MEDIA LOVING, EMOJI SUBMITTING, SELFIE TAKING, SAFE-SPACE INHABITING, NON FAT-SHAMING, PRO CHOICING, GLUTEN FREE CONSUMING, CONFORMING TO NONCONFORMING, CUCKTARIANS LIKE TO SHOVE DOWN OUR THROATS!!! \n\n\n\nP.S. life sucks and I hate people >:(\n\n\n\nP.P.S  I wish you would just shut the heck and get out of my life, god...\n\n\n\nP.P.P.S I need aspirin.
I don't like dogs either, but that's no reason to make a federal case about it.
Ryan has sold out to AIPAC
The only thing missing is the gun pointed at the sheriffs head , poor guy !!!
You know what might create some jobs? Making PR the 51st state, having a massive rebuilding project including modernizing the power plants mentioned here, which likely means other infrastructure is behind the mainland too, and getting everyone on equal footing. If the GOP did it, an already mixed constituency would be loyal to them forever, much the way African Americans are to the Democrats. It prevents the usual political concerns from arising, and stimulates the economy in the process.
Frozone still looking for his super suit
I guess we'll have to wait for that shipment of tequila.
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63b_1507062726 people actually died in this one unlike sandy hook click with caution.
Goes to Vegas to see country stars. Ends up in every rap concert ever.
Airline lawsuit attempt fail
They see Hugh Hefner as this cool guy. Others see him as a unapologetic sexual deviant from religious conservatives and feminists because he collectively objectifying women. To me, Hugh Hefner was highly controversial when it comes to sexuality in America whether or not sexuality was a guilty pleasure. I don't speak for fans of Playboy, but Hugh Hefner was highly controversial it made religious conservatives and feminists upset because he was sexually exploiting women. And same time, many people see him as a party animal.
She talks about long walks in the woods, she should of stayed in the woods...
Surreal...  And this is from Fox.      Wonder if hell consider this fake news?
The government on they bull Shit again
It starts at 2:27
I'm only in it for my favorite game ever
I don't like Jemele Hill. I find her frankly annoying. But asking someone to get fired because of a statement is just stupid.
My friends and I used to purchase his albums the day they were released. This was the only band I that would ever do this. Also saw him 5 times back in the 80's and early 90's. Cow Palace, Greek Theater were a couple venues. RIP TP
It is the perfect body scanner app to make a joke to your friends.\nThe usage of body scanner app camera is so much simple that everyone can use Body Scanner Prank.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en
Finally .it's completed ..... So awesome
she  has  betrayed  the  british  people  she  has  to go  and  quickly
Is there one normal non trailer trash looking juggalo?
Such a fake terror event - see Ole Dammegard's work.  This bomb that put so many people in hospital, didn't even throw smut or soot on the adjacent walls, windows or fabric seats of the tube train.  So it can't have exploded or sent fireballs down the train.  It's a shame people got trampled, but this is such a bad hoax.
The trump supporters are the one making this trend.. with all the vile they spew on the comment section no wonder it's on top 10 trending.
He probably does need to learn more. Hillary Clinton sure needs an education on guns before she's allowed to vote on anything gun related. Ignorant (*&(@
Deserved
The editing of this video is simply stunning. Bravo.
God awful. Hollywood glamour is gone. These plain jane people look like they just got out of the shower. Ugly slicked back hair. One woman had a haircut like a chicken. What is with the deep v-cut dresses with shiny chests?? Its not feminine at all. They look like action figures. I've seen more gorgeous everyday women than these mannequins. Yuck. BEST dressed: Nicole Kidman. Always classy and tasteful.
mexico city is in a pretty bad spot
Read that as human centipede at first :D\nAnd on a serious note...bla bla bla immigration bla bla musles fish stick. Thank you. But seriously I am glad nothing too serious happened.
I don't. I never got that, I must be abnormal.
North georgia, breezing through these storms like they ain't shit xD
I blame much of the disrespect for God these days on the theology of people like Pat Robertson.
I still cant process that the biggest mass killing in us history has no good explanation and probably never will. All those people died for nothing.\nWhile were grasping at straws, some guy is gonna top this high score next year. How many more people need to die for no reason before things change?
Why is this trending?
That right Trump!
RIP LORD INFAMOUS
Clinton is a ass she allows bill to screw other women\nLike she wants other nations to screw with us\nClintons have no morals that's the problem
You know the risk when you enter the ballpark
Who ever did Jane Fonda's work is a master of their craft.
I just want to go the Mexico and give them a hug and tell them their okay and help it coming.
Well Trump you got what you wanted.
Is it possible he did this forcibly? Maybe blackmailed?
$7 USD for a small pack of cherry tomato at the US farmers market. What a rip off... I grow my own here in Toronto for $2 a plant that gives me more than enough for the whole summer.
Her laugh is so flattering.
Some militant feminists and the highly religious may think that Hef doesn't deserve to go to Heaven, But I say he's already been living in Heaven for the last 60 odd years (am I right guys ? nudge nudge wink wink). Still one does have to wonder, is it possible that Heaven may actually be a bit of a let down for Hef, given the life he's been living? LOL & RIP.
WHY IS THIS TRENDING IN GAMING?
bloody ophelia didnt even wash me car arrgh
Wheres Kyle? Home pregnant?
Should have tazed her
somehow behave so strangely\n\nradiolab fans unite!
Meanwhile in Yemen...
The ones who died before the age of 41, the age of responsibility, they are in Heaven and having fun and laughing at us, while we are suffering over here. So worry about your own neck. The Almighty Creator made a covenant with us long time ago that If we DO NOT pray and thank our Creator every day for the roof over our head, for our jobs in order to get His provisions, for our health and protections, and if we do not pay 10% of our earnings to the needy relatives, fatherless children, and homeless people, then we Should NOT expect any protection from our Creator, yet He has given us enough respites. And now we have the scientifically proven scripture based on mathematics, the exact sceince to prove that. But, media and illiterate preachers have been raping our hearts and souls for just a few $ and they turned us to a Godless nation, and bunch of idol worshipers. That is why we have been bringing disaster after disasters upon ourselves with our own wrong doings.
CLINTON IS A COMMY FAG
Was it male entitlement when your bitch ass when to Hanoi to give comfort to the enemy. Your a bitch ass hypocrite. If it wasn't for daddy, nobody would have heard of her. SMMFH
Lies
you guys really need to stop talking so poorly about him.. hes obviously in shock of what his brother did. people grieve in different ways. im sure hes grieving the losses of every life his brother took as well. theres a million things going on in his head right now.\n\nyes, its disgusting what his brother did...his brother was a terrorist. but let him be. hes human too.
More like inside job edition!
Is the same happening to all cities in the UK?
Keep your eye on the ball fucko
At first the trolls cried Muslim, until his skin was white.  Then the trolls cried illegal weapon, until proof showed they were not right, now the trolls are silent yet can't accept the facts, that until they face reality, our safety will always be lax.
I live in Eldon, the museum they put next to the house is pretty nice
Heartbroken! RIP Tom Petty
Clear right propaganda
When you try to give your cat a bath
Fuk all you cocksuckers degrading our president your fking losers
Trending ... YouTube propaganda at its finest .
That's why I'm in the pacific side.

There is only one question..\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWHAT DOES DONALD TRUMP THINK ABOUT THIS??!!,
*BREAKING NEWS: MEXICO CITY GOT FUCKED UP*
This guy is an embarrassment for vox. He goes on holiday and makes these slap dash reports about whatever he notices. This really isn't journalism as you never learn anything. Both his reports on Japan and Norway either contained accuracies or plain missed the big picture. It's a real shame vox allows this. It wouldn't surprise me to find out he's just someone at vox's son or nephew.
My theory is that Paddock was an undercover FBI agent performing a sting of illegal weapons sale,the reason why he had so many weapons in the room. The ISIS member who was the target of the sting figured it out, murdered him in his room, then fired on the crowd and fled with several weapons. The actual facts of the case implicate the FBI selling weapons to ISIS terrorists much like Fast/Furious, and directly enabling ISIS to commit mass murder in Las Vegas.This investigation needs to be opened to the public, the FBI involved in this all need to be prosecuted for treason, and Trump needs to crack down on this kind of bullshit.\n\nSurveillance footage would immediately confirm this theory, we should demand that all relevant surveillance be released to the public. They have already claimed that there is not an accomplice, which means the investigation isn't protected by constitutional rights, it should be 100% transparent from here on out.Why would a 64 year old man have so many weapons in the room specially scattered all over the floor?I am a 44 year old and have back issues,i can't imagine a 64 year old running around in bending over picking up gun after gun ..
How does netting protecting you from getting a shattered nose take away from the game?!
This is bad
Cali kinda deserves this...
WHAT IS CAUSING ALL THESE FIRE'S. .AND HOW COME THE TREE'S AREN'T BURNING UP??. ONLY HOUSE'S AND CAR'S. .COME ON PEOPLE. .ASK QUESTIONS. .WHAT THE HELL..WHO'S CAUSING ALL THESE FIRE'S? ?
Building codes in Florida should make structure more wind resistant. But to me it looks corners were cute. And i cant feel sorry for people live in mobil homes next to the shore in hurricane alley (Florida). Thats just stupid.
Hey ladies hes single.
shooter worked at lockheed martin? the missile bomb place?
Heh heh....69
Goobers mixed peanut butter & jelly is a pain in the butt to spread with a knife so i use a spoon.
A better way is to do what these multi millionaire players aren't doing, SELL THE TICKETS and give to the precinct for the widows and orphans funds!
As a veteran IT IS VERY DISRESPECTFUL that you just said its disrespectful so fuck you drumpf. I didnt get shot at for the countries respect. Freedom over respect.
Thanks Matthew! Love these videos.. I dream of working there.. (as a gardener! LOL)
Hollyweird Douchers!
FINALLY SOME REAL NEWS
Prayers ain't gonna do shit folks. If you want to actually do something instead of talking to imaginary people get in contact with your local Red Cross office and learn how to donate money or goods to the effort
Everybody gotta take a deep breath and remember that Alex Jones it the conservative equivalent of The Onion. If you don't get his comedy, don't watch! It's like saying Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel are the news. They're just as goofy and in character as Jones, and I wish the idiot conspiracy nutsjobs would get that through their thick skulls.
The reaction is pretty universal outside the NFL . \nEveryone I know is going to boycott NFL .
TOOL!  MILK TOAST WEASEL
*HOAX* DAT SHIT NEVA HAPPIND NIGGA DEM MUFFUCAS IS AT A HOLLYWOOD SET. FAKE ASS NEWS DAWG
 
All These COWARDS KNEW AND DID NOTHING, COWARDS!!!
Granite countertops are so dated and tacky. They're great if you want your kitchen to look like a dentist's office.
Poor old white lady
you rocked it Candace
I bet it was a muslim
shes vicious vindictive villain I'm telling you    lmffo
Smh can't even trust low end planes now
What a Hideous NigNog trannyfag
I'm going to the Chargers game tomorrow vs. the chiefs and I could care less who stands and sits during the National Anthem. I'm there to see a game, not to see who's sitting, kneeling, or standing during the National Anthem. I personally will be standing for the National Anthem. This is just a media distraction to distract the masses from what is really going on behind the scenes.
Apparently she's got an appointment next week to have a backbone inserted probably done on the nhs
Just resign Theresa May you make your country worst stupid PM
So we know the little girl is ok but what about Todd??! Is he mentally challenged, tuff 2day 2nite not even 2night we should check him for brain damage
we hebrew brothers love you juice
Wouldn't a  moral Christian prefer to help people over business? Oh wait business are people. Who don't have Social security cards so business are undocumented workers. Hmmm GOP logic once again lacks actual logic.
Someone at TFL just got a big brown envelope from the unions running the black cabs that rip us all off for double the price of UBER. So a win for the unions and the little guy gets F%$&ed again! :( and they wonder why the average guy thinks that organisations like TFL are just out of touch!
Eric and debra holding hands so cute
HIDE THE POTATOOOOOOOS
I would like to understand why US airlines like to drag people out off their airplanes, the dog can be placed in the cargo...
This makes me scared to live in California
I don't see anything wrong here
Let those Mexican  do it on their own they do not like our president so fuck them let them all die
No one gives a shit about the Emmy's
How is this offensive?
The Juice is loose!
I just heard the next episode is going to be completely devoted to DIY tips to protect your family from the New Black Panther Party. You're doing gods' work Megyn!
Geez let them die already
All of your people, and ours?????? WHAT, YOU MEAN ALL OF OUR PEOPLE
Yep, the stupid mericans just watching how someone kills another human being.... Everyday same shitty story! Fooking retards, instead of separating them they are watching...
Well Samsung can't beat Apple any more and I am a Apple person
Some of y'all tin foil hat wearing mofos in the comments need to turn off the Info Wars and get some serious psychiatric help.  God damn lmfao
3:50  it is so lucky to keep your phone from monkey, even after taking photos
Kris is the boss of all bosses. You have to give her that. She turned her family into an empire.
bork bork bork
All of a sudden everyone is a gun expert.
This is such an amazing series, great work!
Ok so a bomb goes off on the tube, what do you do? You film the flaming leftovers, not knowing how dangerous it still is.
always showing the nice part of london( central london )  when in reality looks like a dump
Jewish Controlled ABC is one of the reason that blacks are angry,   Jewish Controlled ABC keeps telling the blacks that they are oppressed by white America, it is time to answer the blacks for flipping us off,  Boycott!  Boycott!!  Boycott!
Show's not going to last !!!
This isn't even fucking news anymore. That's how bad Europe's terrorism problem is. Get your shit together because people are actually used to this by now and act like it's normal.
14:58 minute word
As you see Trump still calling shots
Humans have to realize than they're not controlling nature...\n\nNature is controlling us ...
Sell OUT!! Nigel Farage is needed now more than ever
CUTE\nPs: Don't read my name
Iliminati! 
IDGAF
Totally shocked by Megyn Kelly's announcement at 4.57.  It sounds like she is saying 'Arseholes at night'! Better to emphasise the second word ( 'Souls' ) instead of the first ('Our').
But islam is not a fit & proper religion
This is what happens when you eat dogs.
Jane Fonda a man anywayz.
This is real news
*Videonun Perde Arkasi* http://youtubem.video/r/?5RcnVorcG8be=zrTvby5EkvwnH8k6jqcdtpb98drhfvJ6DERE
If my brother killed that many people... I'll tell those families how sorry we are and go back in my home.
Truly believe that not all Juggalos are criminals. They have the right to listen to the music that they enjoy without being labeled as a gang member.
A very kind and friendly man not above  the love of a fellow Brit and she seeking the attention of a Prince..Harry is a man who communicates  easily with the subjects of the Crown.Much like his Mother bless her heart.!
Fuck all this global warming bullshit we are screwed any way.
scripted..
Kendall girl calm down, no one is fighting with you
He would make a fine king.
PLEASE DO KIM KARDSASHIAN
You really shouldn't believe anything that a Fake News outlet puts out.  Paddocks girlfriend is lying, the Fumbling Bumbling Idiots arent' to be trusted or believed for any reason, under any circumstances.  The SHOOTERS hated Trump, and Republicans, and wanted to make a statement, by murdering as many as possible.  Why does anyone think that the Fucking Blind Idiots can't determine a motive for the shooting?
Shame on him, using his son like this and for trying to justify Trump. His soul was lost when he took up with Trump.
What a Savage
I doubt the intended purpose of this video was to make people argue in the comments... Instead of wasting your energy, why not focus on helping both countries? Seems like a better use of your time and actually gets something done.
The wind speeds are always higher on the news.
Age!!Age!!!looks!! AGE!LOOKS! MK IS OVER
PlayBoy!!! Greatest magazine !! R.i.p.!!!!!!
Hopefully this teaches them a lesson for bringing drugs and crime into our great country. #MAGA  #TRUMP2020
Oh, the humanity.
put him in super jail next time.
Eu sou brasileiro e n entendir porra nenhuma
Celtic magic weakened it
PERPETRATOR: BLACK ISLAMIST  \nConveniently forgot to mention...\nMain stream media is a joke!\n#Unethical #Misinformation
bloody hell
Just Beautiful (:
Someone come get your granpa..
I love Ireland 
So many pussies in the comment section now here come all the triggered losers attacking me being like Oh screw you or I bet you're a 2 year old
This is cool and all, but why is it on trending with under 30k views?
Dear Uber, ha haha haha 
spanish are monkeys, free Catalunya
He didn't kill her or her boyfriend
Until the lady said that Notorious Thugs was a slower tempo, I thought it was fast.
so is mrs may going to close our borders and cut off the oppressors? or are we weak? our own special forces are the ones that   should be fighting terrorism1 check out  the iranian embassy siege. a few s.a.s soldiers dealt with it but maybe thats why they are nt being used
Sorry seen three letters (CNN) and give a BIG !
Hey! You look like me! Wanna be friends?!
shoddy camera work
So much neurotic energy in one place!
This channel is liberal propaganda
Please shut the hell up
 Thumbs up if you were expecting a creepy clown with this music.   
Trump hate black and Mexicans
god this lady is so hot
I have never been on board with open offices. I've been stuck in one for 5 years. Before that had my own office and I know I was more productive.
They were time travelers
Brad Pitt did defend his woman. \n\nBut Cleorge Gooney, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were all enablers.
no more fudge packers we seen enough with Obama and mike
Lets go for 6 this year?
YES ANOTHER QUALITY YOUTUBE CHANNEL
Kills me how they talk about blind loyalty. It's was the msm is doing everyday!
Government planned the attack.
I can't believe how calm they are. My dog would be running everywhere
Pyongyang, the city with the sexiest man in the world, myself.
this is retarded.  if this offends you, you are an imbecile.
its not even real or happening to me but im getting ANXIETY just thinking about that
God damn i swear people are getting stupider by the day the jokesters in the comments are just trying to irk a reaction out of other people simply ignore them
Franco's legs are wide open AF everyone else looks awkward.
She should have also been charged with sexual assault on a working police officer during his duty. The way she was bucking back was defo sexual. Filthy animal.
She is absolutely correct. And the FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETEEN thumbs down voters are a clear representation of the types of people who either willingly support types of dangerous creepy marginalizers who treat women as 2nd class citizens, or are all to willing to support types of dangerous creepy marginalizers who treat women as 2nd class citizens and ARE all to willing to not try to prevent it from happening again. Creepy republican religious narcissist types, with NRA memberships and piles of guns.
It's bad for CATALONIA, the world is changing !
Directed by Nicholas cage...
Watch it say next year, car crashes up 50%
Download Google Allo. A new smart messaging app! http://g.co/allo/331
Too many earthquake is the sign of Qayamat means destruction. It was said 1400 ago. Scientist has found it recently that the more days passes , earthquake will increase. So how can people from 1400 years ago can predict this? Of course Allah said it himself & Allah is never wrong. So Quran is the book of God.  Come to the path of Allah before its late.
Dale is a true Patriot!! Just because you wave a flag doesn't mean you have the slightest idea what it stands for.
It's a pretty clever tactic\n\nShe is not asking for an extension, not on the table.\n\nShe's not asking for transitional period.  Not on the table.\n\nWe leave 29 march 2019.  From that time EU citizens will have to register in the UK.  Like non EU countries.\n\nThe implementation period she's proposing is post brexit, to establish institutions and processes to fit a deal.\n\nAt the end of march 2019 we will leave the EU.\n\nShe's deliberately avoided using transition because there will not be a transition.  There will be a new framework that comes into effect post brexit.\n\n...  The EU now have a decision\n\n\nIf they reject her proposal, we have grounds to set our own exit date and break off talks.  We can cite EU intransigence.\n\n\nIf they agree then they cannot vascilate over trade talks.\n\nEither way, she has taken charge of the situation.\n\nShe reiterated that no deal is better than a bad deal.\n\nThe EU have no wriggle room now and they will have to find another way to blame UK because she said we will meet our obligations.  So that should be the end of the bill issue. She said we would continue paying for the current EU be budget round.  In return she wants an implementation period during which we are not EU members.\n\nPersonally I hope the EU reject it because that would mean her only response would be to say that further talks on trade are pointless.\n\nBasically it puts the EU on the spot.
CNN is fake news dog shit.
What did she ever do I feel bad you cant just do that for no reason
President Trump is a man of experience in the business world, a man of accomplishments, a man who puts America first, American sovereignty, border security,  extreme vetting of illegal migrants. Does this young man think he can talk  with sense to our President? He is very unpopular in Canada, i.e. Trudeau, because of his liberal immigration policy. The American left probably is enthralled with him. Conservatives view him with suspicion.
The science needs to be there for earthquakes.  Global warming doesnt have shit on earthquakes.  A predictive system could be created.  It seems weird that it isnt more of a focus considering how many are in danger given a huge quak in southern california
Lord God , Mueller please hurry up America is on the brink
Haarp 
Ass n titties ass n titties
lmfao
is it exclusive only to apple users?
Woow! So much for catastrophic damages. Even the trailer parks are still standing! 
And again the south west lol
9/11 was a terrible day but it did bring all Americans closer together
This is great uber advertising
I have incurable cancer and a service dog.  I am glad she was removed.  Her behavior would have made me very very very sick on that plane.  It is hard enough keeping children and strangers from running up and trying to pet the animal why they are helping you.  The police did not use unreasonable force.  This makes me scared to get on a plane again.
I've been waiting for something like this to happen
We still hate CNN
I dont understand why its so hard to grasp the fact most of these shootings happened from an illegal firearm. so why arent we cracking down on gun trafficking?
Hip hop didn't come from Africa..
Visita mi canal
Is there a black man behind the monopoly guy?
I like how a few months ago make the mexicans pay for the wall. Now its pay the mexicans to rebuild their walls.
Fake news \n\nNo such thing as hurricanes
Why is this trending?
Im American, but to all my other fellow Americans hating on this video, stop sucking your own dick and shoving your gun barrels up your ass the pleasure yourself. Its not the revolutionary war anymore, you dont need to have a hard on for guns and semi/full auto guns at your side feel safe. Get over it.
Terms like broadband and chickband are demeaning to women.
She destroyed her career when she left fox...today show screwed themselves after paying millions for her instant buyers remorse
Ahem...\n\n\n\n\nRap is crap\nMetal is better
So when we take a knee for fallen soldiers that's  disrespectful too pure dumb ass here
Well said
FAKE NEWS
To jego crka czy jak?
My old man used to say: PHONEY BALONEY.  This is the PURE DEFINITION. nuff said.
What an old Hag cant  wait till she leaves
Las Vegas Concert Shooting Deadliest Mass Shooting in US History ?  Um No crackers https://espressostalinist.com/genocide/native-american-genocide/   and   December 29, 1890  worst shooting in History the U.S. Government shot and killed over 290 UNARMED Native's at school, including over 200 women and children. How quickly we forget history.
All good people, just different means of doing good for th country. Can't we just get along
We all fucked!!!
You should do one on Beethovens 5th
This guy is retarded
If I was a women I would kiss his butt but I'm not
And YOU must be the Monopoly guy...thanks for the free parking.
When you try giving someone with hot breath a mint but they keep talking
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h6H9RmJHx2Y&feature=youtu.be
But jane Fonda, you hypocrite! You stood up at the Emmys and bashed trump, when you knew all along Harvey Weinstein raped women? Women you know!! You are as guilty of a pig as he is, you and all others like your lying scheming bullsh$t self! You are A DISGRACE!
What started these fires? I live here, it wasn't that windy. So the official story is the wind knocked down transformer poles in over 20 different locations all at the same time, including one in Anaheim?
California's next!
*I replaced the pink shirted girl with Daenerys.*
The Weinstein controversy might be part of the takeover of Hollywood by the Chinese. It's definitely a smokescreen for the pedophilia in Hollywood. The Radical Left throwing one of their own to the wolves, just don't look in the other room.
How do you evacuate Cuba? They won't let them off the island.
is that guy wearing a confederate flag on his hat? 3:37
There is only one question..\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWHAT DOES DONALD TRUMP THINK ABOUT THIS??!!,
Why did I think this was about an Xbox exclusive
Why are people getting mad about these protest? They have a right to do that, the first amendment says so, they are just trying to do what's best for the country, and if its very disrespectful ,they shouldn't have made it a right. Simple as that
PM Hag May
mkultra they got to him so he wouldnt expose them
They're chained to the ground, wtf record is this
nbc news ? Really ?\nHow stupid !
The canade geese were finally at peace on golf courses throughout the land.
A terrorist
Hey man, this new style is better than the previous. You look no more like a Neistat copycat. Now you achieved an original and better style,worthy of a serious documentary.\n*_Good Job_*
Something finally happens in my state.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSweet
Flake is so appropriately named.
The US and USSR came close to nuclear war/armageddon with the Cuban missle crisis so fallout shelters weren't such at bad idea back then.
Man I used to like Colbert but all he talks about is Trump and it is so vexing.  I also think it is absurd how his fans still enjoy the repetitive persona. He also ONLY reports bad things about trump, most of them irrelevant things no one cares about. That makes me hate him the most when he only gives one-sided information
She should've just kept walking you could tell the officers were trying to be the good guys here and gave her multiple chances to get up and go but hey it's always the cops fault.....
O...ka..y.  And then the very white woman takes her shirt off and there's a darker skinned woman after her.  Looks like it just goes along the lines of the sort of love the skin you're in ad theme they've been pushing for awhile.  It's clearly not saying that white skin is better.  Some people try too hard to be offended.
My god the editing on this video!
I hope everyone affected by this is okay.
He dried humped our flag and his supporters got boners for it.
Total morons
1:05 That's just bad luck
That doesn't even make any sense
SHOW ME ...  I DONT BELIEVE A SINGLE WORD ...  MILLIONS OF SPY CAMERAS ..MOBILE PHONES ..  I wont believe it till you show the cctv footage ..  not one person without hair/eyelashes/beard/...  K ill H umanati  at it again ..   playing with our minds ...FEAR FEAR FEAR ...   BE AFRAID ...  the  ill/eat ...are afraid .. that's why they do this ..
the Kardashians are beautiful stop hating
you conservative shits don't even try to suggest preventions for shootings. You've all just settled for regular mass shootings as a trade off for having lax gun control. No ones trying to take your fucking guns away we just want common sense regulation for WEAPONS like we already do for cars for fuck's sake.
My best friend is Cuban 
Oh for fucks sake can nobody take a joke in this delicate society
FAKE NEWS
So Corkers comment is demeaning, irresponsible, insulting, and not helpful (to CONway) yet trumps (daily) monkey swings are not? 
We got sold out badly.. that is not a leader. by next election she/tories will try to fool the people again. Hopefully UKIP will rise up due to the peoples demand by then.
I don't understand what this accomplishes.. Like 70% of those dogs are stressed, shit everywhere, and morons walking together.
Guys, I don't think he's joking
I don't entirely agree that men are ashamed to be men. I do agree that parts of society wants them to be ashamed.
I was hoping that you'd address the fact that rap, in it's toxic masculinity, misogyny and homophobia is largely a product of the African American culture from which it emerged, and how leftists, who are always looking for a racist/sexist/homophobic boogeyman around every corner, seem to be almost entirely willfully ignorant when these things manifest themselves in rap and the black community as a whole.  Calling out these regressive cultural traits would be considered racism just as calling out the  regressive nature of Islam is racist.  The irony is totally lost on these people and I'm disappointed it wasn't mentioned in this vid.
Made a fortune appealing to the natural instincts of humans. Right on man
Cavuto will never reach him. It is a fool who looks for humanity in the heart of Donald Trump. His supporters are cult members so he'll never reach them either. Yet Fox News viewers will all vote for Trump again in 2020. What a worthless segment.
Where the sperm I want to see if they can smile
Nice video but is kind of biased.  Maybe a part 2 should be done with the Dominican side showing how the see the issues and why things are they way they are .
Oooh the tragedy!  Oh no. Fresh food. The savages! All those victims, the dying children! Thank you! You changed the world and saved so many lives!
Sooo...the police arrive only 2 minutes after the shooting stops and they assume the firing is over?  No thoughts that the shooter could be reloading, or just plain taking a break?  This does NOT make sense.
Get better police... this is horryfing to watch.
Irish prime minister well atleast its better than that one news woman who pronounced Taoiseach as tea shake
https://youtu.be/E6DqFs_4qZ0 Don't give up your rights
This is what WE All have in common. Sorrows and Pain doesn't discriminate.  \nPeace on to my brothers.
damn, a good video about this topic that isnt incredibly sexist and nasty? incredible. subscribed.
If we don't punish the people who sold this man the illegal kits to make these weapons automatic, it will happen again. We are a nation of laws Right? Then enforce the FECKING laws...
My heart is seriously broken. This is an event that will affect the way I see life, forever. Wasn't alive during 9/11 -  never knew how it could impact people as much as it did. I always knew that it was, of course, a painful event, but I have never felt a pain this heavy. I understand now.
please help my subscribe channel yes. do not forget to watch and like also his video. if you want to mutually subscribe direct comment okay .. thanks
Huge waste of money for a company that doesn't innovate technology anymore.
Radical islamic terrorism a culture in UK
this is some very bad acting.
Fuck Donald Trump.\nWhat a piece of shit.
ONLY TROLLS, BELOW, ARE ON  THIS COMMENT PAGE.
ABC anchors = Lame actors. The way they lie is disguting.
Think Snoop just doesn't like the mumbling
It's hard to remember made up names.
I like him.
How is this trending and I'm not? can anyone explain?
Sprzedaj swoje niepotrzebne przedmioty na www.ryneczek.com.pl
Another reason Dallas is the GOAT
With all that money Sounds like someone paid Steve to Do it.
I swear that Trump supporters would eat warm dog shit and gargle cat piss if Trump told them to....Afterwards, if the piss and shit Trump told them to eat made them sick, they would blame it on Obama and Hillary lol
Narrator voice is so annoying, couldn't get through it all.
i didn't not know wade wilson was here.
What good is that building for when no one is buying their phones anymore
Hugh Hefner 
Muslim refugee opens fire at a Tennessee church.\nThere that's a more suitable headline!!!!!!!!!!!
SHOULD HAVE CROSSED THE BORDER 
Rest In Peace To Everyone Innocent Who Was Killed At The Terrorist Attack At The Las Vegas Concert.  God Bless
5k views... Trending
Alright time to leave the dude alone
Heyyy im in missi... oh fuck a brick just hit my window
Terrorist attack? Time for the left to blame trump for ALL of his tweets.
Young pussy and Viagra finally got him.
Wtf how is that racist
Damn man what happened to violent j he use to look kinda buff in the joegoes to a juggalo concert
My boi finally free
I love the kardashians.
this is soooo hot
Is the first few mins of this video just a huge false causation argument?
Jeez always trust baltimore police to make headlines
Just get on and get us (UK) out of the EU. Why are you dithering?
WTF IS HAPPENING TO COPS...FIRST THE NURSE...NOW A POOR FLIGHT PASSENGER
I like it, it's fun and catchy
Fuk Tom ass Kobe
You don't need the government to regulate that. That should be regulated by the public informing themselves through the efforts of pointed and determined journalism like this.
I think Santa Clause came early and drop off 47 guns to him.
I actually like this guy, but once a pos always one.  Zebras dont change their stripes man.\nThis guys story is race driven, period.  Watch footage of all the people cheering when he was found not guilty.  If you want to call them people.
Internet should be a publicly operated utility, like water or electricity. Having said that, if your dumbass rural shithole county voted for trump, then Im glad you get to stay trapped in the 20th century. Just like you like it.
Whatever Mother Nature's smoking, I want some of it
Now I know why Kylie was no show she's 4, months pregnant
Awesome!
This would give me a heart attack!!
What metric is used to measure repetition in the featured graph? :)
Most exciting thing to happen to this sport since Ricky Bobby....
good glad this happend to them !!! less wet backs coming to America too bad my baby daddy wasn't over there at that time.  
11:00 honestly that music is creepy. i guess because of the ominous under tones in it being about nuclear war.
 !!!!!!
Good job by TFL...Uber do not play by the rules...It's a matter of preference though , some people like to be driven round on the cheap by a third world muslim sex offender who could not drive a carrot up a bulls arseand has not got proper hire and reward insurance , andsome of us do not..
Was this designed by a sociopath??? \n Mark my words, someone is going to die of a heart attack because of this evil designed intentionally to terrify people.
Just when the Kingsman movie came out , coincidence? I think not 
It is NOT a coincidence that the guy in La Vegas was shooting all those people at exactly the same moment OJ Simpson was walking out of prison. It was timed like that months in advance on purpose!!!
This Nip is a honkey lover
Yeah, like why nobody knows about the shooting from the 4th floor!!!
Always Broadcasting Crap.
At this very moment they are trying to rescue school children who are trapped in their schools rubble. Let's hope they get out safe
a question that hasn't come out yet.  When did racism or being racist ever become solely and diversely linked to only African American ridicule?  Isn't racism everywhere or better yet, isn't racism conveyed both ways?  Maybe the white majority is too obvious but there a just as many other cultures that frequently hate on another group fueled by international and/or domestic history.  ...
What about engineered stone countertops like caesarstone?
Before they used to say saudi women cant vote saudi arabia is a backward country then women started voting,then they said women cant drive saudi arabia is a backward country, now women cant drive whats next?
I think that even if I was sure I was in the right, I would rather just preserve my dignity and get off the plane peacefully rather than try to take on three burly police officers. Rather that than have the whole world watch a youtube video of me hysterically screaming 'you've torn  my pants' and 'I'm a professor'!
So let me get something straight Trump is racist towards the info how? All he said was fire them sons of bitches, he didn't say the n word. Btw most Americans agree with him, patriots were booed on the field and most Americans are actually not watching football anymore. I know it's their right to take a knee, but what about the stealers player who stood for the anthem n showed character, why does he not have the right to stand? Because the nfl is making him apologize for doing so. So they have the right to not stand, but he doesn't have the right too stand? That's a double standard Don lemon. You liberal liar. Are you still saying the nfl is only for black ppl? Because trump was saying anyone who didn't stand should be fired not just the black ones. U idiot. Trump is trying to bring back pride for America n u morons at CNN are trying to destroy America. Makes me sick that they can spit in the face of all those men and women who fought for their freedoms to earn millions n be disrespectful, but they can't even allow someone to stand up.for what he believes in and stand for the anthem. Cnn the great divider and enemy of the country in my opinion.
Fun Fact :White People have 6% Neaderthal DNA aka Monkey Blood  100% true. Explains thier behavior
This is the fault of Muslims. Not just the terrorists but those who were witness to the terrorists radicalization...which looks a lot like taking Islam seriously.
Hell to the fuckin no!
Sooo... No to kite flying?
MAY THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPEL YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
we. are. truly. FUCKED. NOW!!!!!   whatever happened. to. what. GOD. said.  about. women. driving....teaching... going. to. school....working....THINKING.... self. pleasuring?????
my uncle loves there
Resign!
sad pathetic senile old man
The constant beeping in the music is pretty annoying.
came here to say that taxation is theft
NO NO NO NO NO DON'T COME TO FLORIDA......DAMMIT
maybe the streets should take their government back
You gotta be kidding me!?!? There was a no weapons allowed sign and the evil man walked right by it with dozens of guns?? \nI thought gun free zones saved people?? Wow
Ha funny
Should not have been let out, disgusting murderer.
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
Hit me up 2007 rob 
This was a freak accident no simpler way to put it
Somebody now is thinkin...i can do better
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA anoying orange meets the UN
that damn eclipse fucked everything up

My question is who is the little boy and girl? And why are they not in school?
Best piece on Fox in quite a while, finally speaking the truth.
Blame HARRP
The Huckabee gene is STRONG! Mongoloid-like and STRONG.
White person kills another white person in the name of hate in Charlotesville, non stop media attention for weeks and weeks.  Black refugee kills white person out of hate, media is silent.
Totally shocked by Megyn Kelly's announcement at 4.57.  It sounds like she is saying 'Arseholes at night'! Better to emphasise the second word ( 'Souls' ) instead of the first ('Our').
So in USA they control immigrants but as Dominicans we can't do the same to protect our country's economy? Also you think that they would have thought of planting something to help their country, I guess it is easier to expect someone else to help. I worked for a company based in DR that was planting moringa trees in Haiti and trying to teach them how to grow their own crops and all they got was negativity to say the least, and very little people wanted to even know about it, you can't teach those who are more comfortable talking about problems instead of actually doing something about it. You can take a horse to the river but you can't make him drink. Why didn't he make a documentary on him trying to help reforest Haiti... instead he cooperates with their victim mentality, they hurt you years ago so now you are helpless Haiti. Great for sensationalism and to get his show noticed with a one eyed view.
He wasn't talking like this in the 1st press conference when the shooting first occurred. He also wasn't reading from a script.  He's very nervous about saying the wrong thing, and he's constantly defending himself.
that was cute... love it!!!
Share x100
fake  ISIS
New hip hop: catchy hook and good beat\nR. I. P good hip hop died in 2015
Rest In Peace To Everyone Innocent Who Was Killed At The Terrorist Attack At The Las Vegas Concert.  God Bless
Cute
see. even if trump built a wall. a earthquake will just knock it down.
ARRIBA ESPANA!
Boycott all u want..I hope we start our own NBA and NFL since we make up over 70% or those sports. Y'all can watch jimmer fredette n case keenum play. Keep telling yourself it's about the military
he wants to be like vladimir or kim ...he wants the authoritarian role of being pretty much a king. executive orders...fuck legislation let me sign an order and....make it so...this is a damn dangerous man. we are in jeopardy of losing our foundation as a free society, under the tutelage of steve bannon, a new age propaganda machine who has his own agenda and using trump as his vehicle. we have serious problems......mayday, mayday, mayday
And some people claping??? Its true some americans are really stupid.
Meow
I know it'll be hard for you, but how about we take a little, just a little bit of that ridiculous military budget and fix our country up??
Nice one Candace! going places and spreading the facts.
Ughhh people just need to grow up
Fuck trump. Impeach his dumbass already.
Us men are such bastards eh? So sick of women like her and the 'men are the problem in the world' message. There's not 'some' good men out there, theres alot. First, women raise us so what does that say? Second, I wonder what ghosts she had in her Hollyweird closet? Some people like Weinstein are evil, some women are too. If there's a constant war of the sexes, non of our problems, or faults will ever be rectified.
Free
There's no shortage of conspiracy fuckwits posting in the comments. Sad.
Ive lost sleep over this!!! We will never know which foot it was that hurt Donnie.\nNot even Donnie  remembers SMH
He wasn't alone in that hotel room. Media is hush about this
Fuck that communist anti-American whore
wait until you see the US earthquake
And leave it to the folks at libtard MSNBC to not correct this very delusional man, who obviously was smoking way to much horse dung, and allow him to continue his delusional rant. WTF. They now he is wrong. Why doesnt anybody step in and say NO. This is not what America is.
Only CNN would give a poo about what Hanoi Jane has to say about Weinstein
This is stupid on so many levels. Spain wanted to stop the referendum? All they did was take dissatisfied citizens and make them angry. How does this solve the issue?
Nice job Vox, however, the title made it seem like you had a negative connotation towards rotten tomatoes.
They aren't a gang,......just a bunch of jerk offs
President Donald Trump is one ugly son of a bitch
check.   out.     now    my.  video.    shared.    now.
I cringed heavily seeing John Oliver in the thumbnail. Hollywood is a method for liberals to spread their propaganda message, using humor and sarcasm to shade their lack of a logical argument.
Ill still buy it
TRUMP 2020
What a traitorous pac
Blame it on a woman if you can't blame it on a person of color.  Of course you can't blame it on the white man because he is innocent and not a terrorist because he is white.  It makes perfect tautological sense that a racist sheriff from Nevada would  understand.  I bet he beats his wife.
Now I'm not a fan of trump overall, but I like his speech, professional yet down to earth, overall I've thought trump has been eh, but I hope the best for him
10 really
Ownerz, coaches, players - all have to unite as a team. Having said this, the nfl is too full of itself. Needs to be left alone in the sand box and all spectators go home and figure out how to entertain ourselves again and not live our lives vicariously through wife beaters, cocaine users, other misfits of society. Ride a bike for Christ's sake!! Stop being a cripple. Get out of your wheel chair and bike or walk. Be healed America!
The real Playboy
United in the fact that we can't fucking stand each other. Sums up the US, UK, Europe, and Asia. The only place that isn't doing this is Australia and New Zealand. But I'm sure their too busy killing off mega spiders, snakes and Super Kiwi birds to fuck each other in the ass as well.
Fake!
That's what happens when everyone eats Mexican food for lunch.
This man is the best weatherman and meteorologist I have ever seen
I Used to like him . Go back to jail ..... Loser!!!!
He exploited young women with daddy issues
I don't bother with Rotten Tomatoes, it's not really a big thing in the UK as far as I'm aware. Wittertainment has all the information I need, wrapped up in a 2 hour weekly podcast.
My condolences to Mexico and it's people.
Give Trump a chance! I'm not a supporter but his a human being. We all make mistakes.
Lol!!! A few cardboard box houses were blown away.... devastating
Havnt heard or seen any juggolos since high school
watching two african-american speaking japanese is unbeliveably priceless :'''DDD
now ik how heaven looks
Trending cause it's funny like most trump spoofs
This is what a real protest is.
2016: amazing people dying 2017: Mother Nature on her period
This. Is. Youtube. Trending.
This is absurd.  The excuses...  These players kneeling is IRRELEVANT to the people who represent this country as they SHOULD.  Problem is, MAJORITY whom are the face of this country are not doing so, our legal system is corrupt and justice isn't being served when that's what our country stands on.  Now people are being pointed out because they want to kneel until problems affecting middle class communities are fixed and people can live in unity without being looked down upon due to a skin color, but that's freedom and the right to exercise their belief.  That's a load...  BTW, these Nfl players and pro athletes have always supported such groups.  Guess it's just more trickery to ignore the situation once again and flip the script.  This guy is talking about a good cop being killed which are only a few compared to the good people being killed by BAD COPS.  Sit down somewhere
Body Language Analysis No. 4057: Steve Bannon's 60 Minutes Interview - Nonverbal and Emotional Intelligence\nhttp://www.bodylanguagesuccess.com/2017/09/body-language-analysis-no-4057-steve.html
Losing too much money from cabs. Simple as that.
Lmao fucking rednecks. Ricky Bobby and his buddy are at it again. Shakin and bakin baby
There were more than one shooters for sure.
Jesus is  coming 
https://www.amazon.com/Do-Believe-Magic-johnathon-Earl/dp/1977686044/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1507001881&sr=8-11&keywords=i+do+believe+in+magic
I feel like trump is just one big troll
this dude is my spirit animal
Earn extra cash from home. Easy and  simple just follow link for instructions. 1GwLg7LjyWXtA2SphJ97zNvkgBergJZf13
A man with no gun experience certainly had some good aim.  You mean to tell me not one person close to this man knew nothing about him getting over 20 guns?
We had a guy like this at my apartment complex last year. This wasn't a guy would wanted to go out in a blaze of glory. This was a guy who was disgruntled, most likely at the casinos after losing a bunch of money. He was also dumb enough to think he could shoot people in public, in broad daylight, and he'd somehow make a clean getaway, just like in the movies.
Worst earthquake, ever
Fuck off CNN
Pyongyang, the city with the sexiest man in the world, myself.
The Islamic State has claimed responsibility.
It's sad to hear of the loss of property, but it's more sad to hear about the loss of loved ones!...\nIn the other hand, I know what I'm about to mention will cause a heating wave of comments and perhaps very hateful ones. But it's ok, far better men and women have been critized for standing up for their beliefs as well. However , I feel that it must be brought up if it hasn't been already. Are you folks aware of Sonoma County being the second county in the US, ( San Francisco county being the first  ), where there are more gay married couples per capita? Google it, come on look it up., Now, we all as anyone else on this planet earth  is  entitled to our own conclusions,aren't we?  but as for me , what's happening here on this part of the country is not by chance,  I believe it's delivered. May God help us repent now , or we'll all die as sinners. We as a nation have forgotten God,  we as a nation have mocked God's laws and commandments,  and God my fellow Americans WILL NOT BE MOCKED!!     Let us all repent now and look to God to live. It's my prayer. Folks, it's not getting any better, time it's running out, it's getting late... !! Thank you and God bless us all!!!,
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
50+ kill streak
I still believe it was a TERRORIST ATTACK!!!
beat up Catalonia elderly and children with batons  , Spanish way.
Is it me or does Harry look like the man on the cover of Jethro Tull's Aqua Lung
Who even actually cares about this shit? Not a big deal
Wow, I often wondered how these two completely different countries shared this small island but had no idea of the racism that existed.  It's really disappointing, really saddened me that people are treated this way.
1791L always delivering news like a BOSS!
California next
Cant even remember his moms name??
dea-tails
This video is phenomenal! Love your videos
This is the reason why I want to attend these meetings
Muslims are loose monkeys, should kill them all
Jennifer admits she doesn't like interacting with her fans. She thinks the flood victims got what they deserved, because they voted for Trump. Give away the plot so I don't have to watch movie.
Costas you disgust me ! The NFL is dead ! The people say so !
SETH MY DADDY, YOU DID AMAZING SWEETIE!!
I bet if the shooter was Muslim or Latino it would be called a terrorist attack. White privilege at its finest.
McCain has been shot in the brain. Krapernickle is a multi multi millionaire who has been a useless quarterback.
Fuck tfl
What a waste of 10p.
Those who don't like repetition should listen to MF DOOM
Yeah he planned to escape in his car that was full of tannerite. There's no bout this a hole was a jihadi.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's so weird to see Russell on Megyn Kelly's show. She represents everything he's against.
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
who cares what this midget has to say. hey bob, craw back into your tree and bake some cookies!
And no one in holllywood knew except for the countless lawsuits and police reports and jokes on Weinstein assaulting women
More proof to what a pig she is... Banged VC in Vietnam... Made pregnancy video... Hid out in billionaire's mansions for years married to Ted Turner... Covered for swine Harvey Weinstein... Now, we're all supposed to care about anything she says :D
idiots being idiots.
Pray for Mexicans.\nI hope they don't hop the border over this.
These people see racism everywhere. Nobody but the progdroids listen to them anymore. Very sad.
wait! Isn't Al Jazera the terrorists main channel for getting their message out? Why is this allowed on YouTube?
it wasn't a joke
Good.  I'm glad you're wasting your money.  Where is your outrage over the persistent racism in America?
So, rich people continue to complain, while the majority of American's live paycheck-to-paycheck?  Hmm, is that white privlidge, not for the Hollywood Lucerferians, liberal lunatics!
Who the fuck is Harvey Weinstein??!!! #notwoke
Deeply sad by EVERY thing happening in the world all these natural disasters so many in just weeks HURRICANES QUAKES WHY 
You can hear a woman being abused in the video..
What are you doing?  What they are doing is obvious.
I dont disagree with the content, but pull back on the smirks...
because (((those))) who control the media pushed it in all forms of media all over the place. You couldn't avoid it.
That's what happens when everyone eats Mexican food for lunch.
So when the church of blacks got shot up last year the world went crazy and a flag was banned from the entire state. What will happen now?
Don't know about you but that bridge to me looks like is too low
LAME Libtards
Rotten Tomatoes is terrible and gets it wrong almost all the time. Just compare critic scores to user scores for films like The Red Pill, or star trek discovety. There is a huge disconnect between critics and regular people.
Lol
#PLAYFORFLORIDA SPREAD THE WORD!
Thank you so much cnn, for I have been enlightened
The public transport (tube and buses) in London has to be buffed then, Uber was great for saving money but not great for emissions, if they can improve public transport then its a win win unless you're an uber driver
Read that as human centipede at first :D\nAnd on a serious note...bla bla bla immigration bla bla musles fish stick. Thank you. But seriously I am glad nothing too serious happened.
In your face Hillary Clinton!
Spot on.
women have nothing to offer other than their looks. they are all terrified of aging, its sweet justice for us men who have to watch them entitled and evil all their life
Hey people from last vegas, you have thrown our law enforcement and emergency response personnel out of whack, but that's fine because lives have been saved
My daughter in law loved Hugh Hefner. He was a great business man. He showed people you can do anything no matter where they come from. He lived a great  lifetime
ABC anchors = Lame actors. The way they lie is disguting.
IVE GOT YOU IN MY SIGHTS
You know what might create some jobs? Making PR the 51st state, having a massive rebuilding project including modernizing the power plants mentioned here, which likely means other infrastructure is behind the mainland too, and getting everyone on equal footing. If the GOP did it, an already mixed constituency would be loyal to them forever, much the way African Americans are to the Democrats. It prevents the usual political concerns from arising, and stimulates the economy in the process.
I think maybe he didn't plan on getting stuck on top of the car hahah
Anthony Weiner, Bob Filner, Elliot Spitzer, Jared Fogle, Jeffrey Epstein, Harvey Weinstein -- what do all these pervs have in common?\n\n\n\njoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo\noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooz\n
NO GUN BAN. Unless you are Liberals Muslims Mexicans or non believers. Bless us oh Mighty and Glorious leader Trump our savior . Amen
This Canadian is begging the good people of USA to send Trudeau to Guantanamo and torture him mercilessly for the rest of his miserable worthless life. Please do not allow him back into Canada.\nPlease, we Canadians are begging you...
http://MoneyComeFirst.com/?ref=37717
So where does the racist part come in?
hurricanes of the carribbean
actor.
Why is Kylie not here?
So basically rap has rediscovered the secret of accordion polka XD \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4c77EVWm-A
Well,  was about time. Women can drive better than men lots of times.
s t o p t h e m a d n e s s
https://www.apmmusic.com/albums/SCDV-0417 the song is number 21,22,23 but vox just mixed the dum dum part from Bert the turtle duck and cover.
Eveyone needs to shut the fuck up and go catch some fucking bass!!
Theyve acconpmished NOTHING!
wasn't a fan of trump, didn't even vote for him, but damn that was an amazing speech.  this guy is no wimp!
Julhreeze
Now this... this is nice.
Why so many dislikes? It's a good speech.
Why has no one checked on Cuba?
This has nothing to do with God I better not see Christians in this comment section
everything ive seen from this tory conference has been the most awkward thing ever
Donde fue esto?
Maybe the gunman had an angry agenda against the casino and wanted revenge. Sounds like the most likely motive.
They should've been sus anyway\nTorry conferences are almost entirely older people
This guy needs to go meet his god.
My heart goes out to those in Vegas
Paedowood!
Sexist pig! Ugh...
Nothing's changed - a quote from Simpson after nine years in prison for selfish thoughtless actions. Wow!!! you'd think he would have had some introspective journey about being a total douche bag. But no........Nothing's changed
kent = missing aC and a U...you know what is A - BOOT
Thanks for the Free Parking. -_o
False Flag shooting, planned and carried out by Freemasons in government law enforcement agencies !\nThis is how they will take your civil liberties away! Fear through murder, chaos and fear !!
My iq is now 20 points higher! Thanks for the enlightening CNN!
1 Like One Prayer
Oh please. Pull the stick out and stop being so sensitive. The commercial is fine. Damn idiots have no job and nothing better to do.
428 views \n\n#38 On Trending\n\nwtf dude \n\n\n\n\n\nEdit: i think america is getting fucked by trump, north korea and hurricanes.\n\nWhile i was planning a video for tomorrow a saw on my computer that it was the end of the world on 15 october and i thought it was a hoax.. but i think its actually being serious, ya know.. it also has fake pictures and it was on a fishy news site on the msm home page so i think its a hoax now..\n\n\n\n\n\nThe Trending Is Fucked Too.. i mean that freaking google event with all that techy stuff was a big event right? But all those videos on the las vegas shooting is still there!! I know its a tragic event but it doesnt need to stay there for long..\nBut at least the trending has some good stuff like movie trailers.. austin evans.. and that mickey mouse short show! \n\n\nBut were getting videos with only 400 views and videos about THE FUCKING PRESIDENT!!!\n\n\n(the 5th edit.. i know)\n\nThe emoji movie was on #2 trending..  *shit* \n\nbut if you dont care i just wanna let you know\n\n:)
Now who are the snowflakes? Wow. People's ignorance truly is bliss.
french colonies always suck.
The natural world is so interesting
why nate, who named the harricane?
This admin sucks ass
Hes probably gonna look for his wives killer and look in the mirror
Remember when charlie.but my finger was trending and not this shit?
Allah protect you from Turkey :.(
This bloodsucker keeps getting voted back in term after term.  Wisconsin is as brainwashed as Alabama.   Just get rid of any type of semi-automatic machine guns.  Keep the handguns and hunting rifles.  Goddamm....  How much is Smith&Wesson and Ruger paying you guys?
Anyone else seriously digging the backround music?
Some people just want to watch the world burn
do they know how many accidents there will be!!!!! women drivers!!!!
Crisis Actor.
Are you ready to boycott the NFL and their support of anti-patriotism?\nhttps://gearburn.us/
The media will blame her, the shooters brother, the shooters rough childhood and even the hotel and it's security..... But they won't blame the politicians who allowed high powered guns for civilian purchase huh.
His voice is so shaky and my lord is he uneasy. We all know whats happening.
Imagine if Paddock was an old test subject from MK ultra 0_0 I should be careful saying stuff like this, Might be true
Watch a man shit his pants at 0:04
Love them 
His brother was a terrorist and he seems to be talking highly about his brother. Lock him up just to make sure he doesnt terrorize like his terrorist brother
Hey everyone  :)
Terrorist!!!!!!!
Wow that is so sad
Amazing, thank you! Your voices are so beautiful and this song means so much to me!  Continue to RISE UP everyday!
And the wolf went to the fourth little pig, who made his mobile home out of cheap materials and paper mache .......
Okay, but in all seriousness, she's still a politician, putting a camera and microphone on her is a pretty surefire way to not get her true thoughts out.
told you once
Dear YouTube: Please stop suggesting stuff from Fox News to me. I think you should check to see if right-wing nutjobs have hacked your stuff.
Trumpet can solve world hungry today by taking the paycheck of all the men who kneel at the war flag because of the age old government created race hate.  End STARVATION  TODAY created a lifelong self sustainability by way of teaching and providing the land to build homes and grow their food.  God never said we had to buy our required food or water or starve Evil men in high places make money off death.  The universe has called people to wake up and they have heard his call in their hearts.  Elites didn't get the call from god Satan called and said war war war... But the only losers will be the adversary and his self crowned cronies.  God Bless humanity god Feed HUMAITY by taking from the Rich Amen Ra!!!
Why do you hate the name steve
Lolololololol
Mexico never asks for 'it', that's why you can't hate it.
Such contrived delivery, mix of Jackanory and a bad school assembly......... scripted & insincere. Equivalent of a political whoopee cushion.
If you want to help you can click on the next link thanks and god bless :(  'Mexico Earthquake victims' https://dm2.gofund.me/w5xfe-mexico-earthquake-victims
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
I think the guns should be stopped.
Thank you.
in my town a roof fell of pray for me ahhhh
hmmmm
Well now, this no one saw coming. Typical humans, unable to admit and accept that they are the problem. A human caused this, a primate didn't. This speaks for itself humans. Your species are the sin upon Harambe's earth.
yikes
          1st view  like and comment
Thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of Mexico. \n\n#dontforgetaboutme
Bomb B armed
So youre in church worshipping God, then somebody opens fire, injuring many and killing one. You then get out alive and pray for everybody hurt, just like you were praying in the church, but god didnt do anything to stop the gunman. How can you believe in a god when something like this happens? How delusional do you have to be?
Cavuto is right!
so glad i grew out of this shit... 15yrs ago
Well that Lumineers song is kind of ironic now isn't it... O-Ophelia, you been on my mind girl since the flood
Hey,right or wrong the man spoke his mind, and didn't try to hide the real him 
that's really assinine special effect since if it was cracking, no one would be able to tell the difference so no warning. asshole design
I'm tired of all the fucktards saying there is no such thing as global warming, that Trump won the popular vote, and the Earth is flat.\n\nIf you think any of these then you are a retard who did not go to college
Gave up watching as the music was just too bad
Put the professor on the no fly list after she posts bail.
Well Shit
So sad seeing brainwashed kids trying to break their own country...
Yea whippie dingle berries the killer is out of jail BIG DEAL . Who cares
-!!!  !       
80 percent of these comments are regurgitated thoughts from other people. Not one original thought. People are fucking parrots.
Jolly good banter
These guns are made to kill people they arent made for hunting, shooting for fun, or even self defense.  The military made these guns so their side can kill the other side.  This man was a fucking coward, his life wasnt going to great so he decides to murder 50+ innocent humans and kills himself so he wouldnt face the consequences.
Anyone else pause here (3:40) and get frustrated? XD
Sarasota gets hit by Irma.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YedAWzqUxg&t=6s
Another crappy progressive hollywood trash movie. The movie industry is failing for a reason.
This is an excellent opportunity to point out that without risk, there is little reward. In this case, much was risked and much was rewarded. Amazing stuff. Also, it just goes to show how much we can achieve as humans and validates our terrestrial quandaries and calculations. Take for instance Michio Kaku, he was a Cassini-doubter in the beginning and accused of wild accusations when he claimed the final flyby of earth could be catastrophic and could take out 200k people in an urban area on the mainstream media channels, google the Mother Jones article from 1997 if you want to read the article. Look how much amazing science came out of the program, and so many more things will be invented and discovered because of this work. For me, this is what progress really looks like.
For the first time cnn is showing real news.
Fantastic Fantastic !!!
Jen from next doors bins fell over \n\nWhat will we ever do
THIS IS A TOTAL HOAX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nIT IS SPIRITUALLY DRIVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nCHOOSE JESUS CHRIST  WHILE YOU STILL CAN
Paedowood!
This was nothing, c'mon ireland , over there, it is so fuckin boring that even the storm is exciting enough. Farm!
They both have around the same population but Haiti has less land Tf
BBC are race-baiting pedophile enablers
I live in Naples and I was blessed to only have our pool cage get ruined. The inside of our house is fine we just have no power or running water yet; tons of trees have been uprooted and are laying in the streets also.
He had a happy life
Honestly if Trump could be tame and consistent talk like this and actually act in this manner I wouldnt mind hes actually acting like a polished politician that knows what hes talking about.
They would have a easier time with chihuahuas
Well, he sucks at being a psychopath. Hmmm. WTF.
So every time you Jerk Off and dispose your cum. Does that count as murder?
I'm a Juggalo fan and what ICP done is in PROFESSIONAL way without cussing. This shows ICP has balls to say what FBI disclaim to them. I'll march with ICP and the other Juggalos/etts to prove Juggalo/etts ARE NOT GANG MEMBERS!!!
Yea Mr. Trump let's start world War 3!!! The bloodshed the raping, I can taste it already!!! Let's bomb North Korea you won't!!!...
What a sad exuse for a human being.
The wall between Korea and the rest of the world was built by the United States and not the Koreans. Koreans are a peace-loving and hard-working people and the weapons that the bottom has for protection and deterrence. North Korea has no military bases outside the country, and there are dozens of them. so what state is the aggressor?))))) who say anything about the North Korea is negative, that is a complete moron and an American prostitute. hello from the Soviet Union, which you also broke up. fucking fagots.
nice coat
Anotha one
This doesn't make sense my video with 13 views isn't number 1 on trending
Excellent mini documentary I can't wait to see where it goes.
I actually really enjoyed this interview.
Congratulations!! i hope you get a YouTube channel
But when I was laying there not long after the first couple of shots were fired I could hear a different caliber weapon, and that told me that they had immediately engaged the shooter, and let me tell you if they didn't act so quickly, and even after being shot both themselves, continued to engage the shooter and ultimately got him down which not only saved my life but saved the life of a lot of other people in this chamber today  Steve Scalise\n\n    If anything that this shooting has proven! It is that it takes an immediate armed response to prevent loss of life.
She's a cunt
NICE.
Thank you gunman for your commitment in trying to rid the evil which is religion and it's dim followers.
All the way to the end ? 
He left prison wearing Bruno Magli shoes.
Seth's look at the end says: Yeah, you guys laugh it up, but you know it's true.
For years I thought this guy was creepy. He always looks disheveled and mean. I kept wondering what did Ms. Chapman see in him? I have yet to read a statement from her publicist. If she knew about his bad behavior, did she have a responsibility to inform the film studio? Or did she stay quiet to advance her fashion career? The entertainment industry and media should not stay quiet about sexual harassment or the mistreatment of women. I am always confused as to why people still work with the likes of Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, and Terry Richardson.
some crooked leftist thinks he is funny
Man, if I found out I had 18 half brothers and sisters, the last I would want to do is meet them. I barely talk to the two I have.
Wow, incredible that as abused as the dominicans were now they're doing the same to haitians
niggu?\nneegeiru?
Because he didnt like country music
Trump supporters should be drowned.
Fuck all these cunts. Blame Trump for their own bullshit. FUCK YOU ATHLETES.
youtube is so fucking biased with their anti-trump videos on trending everyday.\n*no wonder kiddies in this country are so fucking confused*
Sarah Huckabee should be fired.
Useless sket
Megyn Kelly is the worst. How is it possible to be so thoughtless? Jane Fonda and Robert Redford are amazing and I wish she could have asked relevant questions. #losthope
How ironic? Exploiting the beauty of the American first amendment to protest America.
Another? Really?
Tuff? Really?
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
I hate CNNs guts.
FUCK the FBI they just want to drag people into other peoples dirty business. Was she there when it happened, was she the one who killed all those people? NO so stop harassing her and let her move on with her live fucking pricks
bunch of losers
No. 1 trending for 3 days now, yet in all that time hasn't broken 1 million views. Someone's really wanting to push this omnipresent terrorism narrative :/
Real Red Neck
Repent of OUR sins. Godbless!!!
The trump supporters are the one making this trend.. with all the vile they spew on the comment section no wonder it's on top 10 trending.
The only undeniable fact so far in this is in who was targeted.
What an old Hag cant  wait till she leaves
This is fake! Permafrost aren't melting, because global warming is fake! \n\n\n*sarcastica!*
Am I the only one that saw that when they put the Mexico and the quake Mexico was getting smaller
Good Lord in heaven thank you for this beautiful group of MIRACLES!!!! No other word can describe the beauty and talent within this group!!!!! And so young!!!!!!! Thank you for giving the wisdom to their teacher to effectively encourage and enhance the gifts you've bestowed upon them!
Ryan sounds pathetic
such emotions... thx... there is beauty here
Seth is always douchebag
Family Guy is dead.
so emtional
Find his eyebrows.....and youll find the answers you seek
You call this a call out, i call it making a joke of something he obviously knew and in the process made his co-host look sick at what he was suggesting.
Perfect example of a person who thinks that they are better than everyone else
I'm very sad about them finding the bodies of all those kids they found under the school
Kick them all out!!!! How many more?!
Trailer park spawn.
oh.. so thats whats up. i didnt know that though it makes sense
Obama admin approved bump stocks You fucking dumb libtards!! Banning this wont help you need to let Americans carry so we can shoot back!  Libtards are dumb as rocks\n\nBtw the guy didnt act alone he was either Antifa or Isis
He has to put his head down!!!!!!  What a poor soul!  Just looking at his Masters shoes!!! Just quit and go to work a regular job my friend
My high school is the town's designated fall out shelter. You can still see all the signs. It's kinda creepy honestly.
who win the fight GGGvsCANELITA
Wow in Islamic State of London? It's not Great Britain no more. Well it's ur government that allowed this.  Attacks will be imminent. Idiots.
I'm glad you think it's funny, you spineless excuse for a human.
This is so eloquently said and 100% spot on
THAT YOU AND IMPERIALIST EUROPE, WHICH WAR IN 1941 AGAINST MY COUNTRY-SOVIET UNION WHERE IT ALMOST HAD ALL EUROPE AND THE FRENCH FRENCH, THE MACORONIKI-ITALIANS, THE GYPS-ROMANS AND OTHER CIVILIZED EUROPEAN STANS
He was found not guilty of murder so they gave him all that time for taking back what was stolen from him. American  justice is bullshit. At least he's out .
Facts are incredibly insulting to...LIBERALS! \nLOLinDC!
It swept the nation because America is not racist
*shit ain't making sense*
It was burning because u we're recording vertically
Aida
I don't understand why people refuse to do the pledge of allegience (excluding people who weren't born in the U.S.). All you have to do is put your hand over your chest for 25 seconds... is that something worth fighting against?
ICP is absolute shit, loved by idiots, but this is so damn respectable. Props to these guys for being real.
Just mute and watch the hot chick.
I would have shit my pants.
So this is what's it come to for Megan: Fluff
Democrats... smh
Id go gay for that guy! No homo.
Props to the editor
Why..... \nWe knew trump would start world war 3
What a piece of shit. This know nothing hasn't a clue what to do. His words are shallow and meaningless. He speaks out of both sides of his mouth, just like his mentor Cretien.
Garbage video. The lyrics are getting more repetitive for two reasons: as technology advances, human beings are consuming/experiencing more information (songs, films, social media, etc) at a faster and faster rate with each passing day, decreasing the human minds ability to recall anything beyond x number of words. Secondly, the studio songwriters recognize this and hence keep writing less words in pop songs for these pop artists to ensure people will remember the and thus buy it.
Simon brodkin?
C'mon guys...
The speech was awesome.Thank you Mr.President.
Y?
Queen Jane shoots down the vile Megyn Kelly. Take this witch back to the slime bucket that is Fox News.
Emotions is control  staged events like this is created for objective to control the viewers sway, mind.. staywoke
NO MORE FOOTBALL FOR ME, NO THANK YOU.
we have the queens on the UK money why she the head of state
False flag. Fake news at its best
And they ll still let more f these so called refugees in
Time to destroy the FRENCH quarter. \nYou know anything with the name of FRENCH must be gotten rid of. \nGoodbye Sayonara white FRENCH.
bravo cnn you bunch of fucking morons
I thought she was going to cover repetition with instruments, not just lyrics.
Hahaahah so cu.. NOBODY GIVES A FUCK
COVER UP, SEE INFOWARS.COM, BETTER DO IT,
Oops, 4got the ?
I would love to know what cameras you used to shoot these Dispatch videos, especially the handheld one that you use to film your monologues.
million dollar idea...portable nets that you stick over your babies.
That's it ? 10?
Megyn Kelly is trash lol
Hayley geftman gold needs to hang very high.
Nothing but a total rewriting of history.  Complete garbage.
Looting myth?!? My apartment was looted after Katrina. Because looting after a hurricane is so common here, I had already taken most of my valuables with me when I evacuated.
I don't usually use rotten tomatoes for actual accurate movies reviews, it's more for if I'm not sure if I should watch a movie or not so if I check and it has around 10% I can decide to watch something else instead of wasting my time and money
Heres a better question: why does ALL OF AUSTRALIA have slow internet?
Seems like another rock solid example of CNN journalism.
ur mum gey
the SAME people who are clapping and happy for these uber driver to get laid off are gonna complain about them taking benefits.
So youre basically telling us rotten tomatoes scores may be around 5-6% off of what they should be......then ending it with.... theres really no better alternative to rotten tomatoes
hillbillies
Did his kid just call him mike? 1:45 I'd be getting a can of whoop ass if I called my dad by his name lol 
So many possibilities in life. So many crazy things can happen. But the day after the shooting we were told 1 shooter went crazy. If you question, you are crazy. I just think its a crazy op for an old guy to pull off. Video sounds like automatic gunfire. Bump stock fire is irregular.
We don't care about mobile homes. Show us more of regular houses, that's what's interesting because everyone knows a mobile home can't hold up to a hurricane.
The Puerto Rican singers should put a concrtt and donate every dime for this island in dire need. They should stop asking poor working people who could barely make ends meet and they who are millionaires should help reconstruct at least the basic necessary things such as water and power its a breeding ground for deaths, disease. It no help arrives soon Im afraid their situation will get worse and more complicated
bloom inspired by first blue planet, now it in second blue planet. it come full circles
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
Kapernick is unemployed because he only had 1 win his last season.  People are free to do what they want, including not wanting to watch politics in a football game. \n\nps - not everything is about race.
Another Drill goes Live..they know but dont want to warn the people.. \nEither way Sept 23 starts rev 12 ..jacobs troubles
         
Fuck off, you overpaid circus monkey.
This has banner ads on it
Why was she stacking her belongings on top of her as if she were moving, as reported by her neighbors
Kelly sucks bad off of Fox. This was like fish out of water.
The filthy commie needle dick bug fuckers had an awards show????? Who gives a shit!
Hurricane earma
Back in the early 2000s I used to work in a record shop in Boston and whenever Juggalos would come in, there was a 99.9% chance they would get caught trying to steal....wait for it....ICP cds.  Without fail, Every. Single. Time.  These people are a drain on society and their music of choice is awful.
This is very sad, of course. But please. Stop building houses in these areas or for fucks sake build some protection measures or something. Maybe don't have a wooden fence? That brick furnace seems to have survived intact. So just build your houses in bricks or some shit. Is this really that hard, honestly?
*liar liar pants on fire*
*BOYCOTT CBS* #TillTheyDie
RAW VIDEOS ON MY PAGE
How horrible , sad
WTF THESE COMMENTS ARE OUTRAGEOUS, PEOPLE ARE DIEING AND MANY PEOPLE LOST THEIR HOMES IN MEXICO HOW CAN PEOPLE KEEP SAYING THIS IS FAKE NEWS THIS IS EXTREMELY SAD, I GIVE MY PRAYERS TO MEXICO 
why do these videos always have music i never heard of that they think is popular? where is vox that this is popular? also i would say just like fire by pink would be better for the last. that song seems like 3 songs in one or something.
Ya dont hear about this shit happening in Texas.
*All the keyboards at CNN smell like Hillarys fingers now!*  #FISHY
Getting red-pilled from a brainless liberal to a libertarian or conservative is quite a shocking experience. I know first hand. Because suddenly you become aware that almost everything you think you know is a lie, and those lies all came from the same place; the progressive Left.
Harvey was the most extreme rain event in US History. \n\nSource: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/capital-weather-gang/wp/2017/08/29/harvey-marks-the-most-extreme-rain-event-in-u-s-history/?utm_term=.fe57d4b46709\n\nFloods have tripled since the 1980s. \n\nSource: https://www.theguardian.com/environment/blog/2014/jul/14/8-charts-climate-change-world-more-dangerous\n\nThe US has never had two cat 4 hurricanes hit in a single season in it's history, until now. Source:  http://fortune.com/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-landfall/\n\nIrma broke all sorts of records. \n\nSource: https://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2017/09/07/all-records-hurricane-irma-has-already-broken/642948001/\n\nFire seasons are getting longer. \n\nSource: https://climate.nasa.gov/news/2315/study-fire-seasons-getting-longer-more-frequent/\n\nIn short THINGS ARE CHANGING.
This storm is a monster, thank god I live in the midwest
Someone is gonna die from a heart attack...
Anyone who doesn't respect our flag should be sent to prison or deported
White people are the real terrorists
  
TRASH
I speaj werad
better off staying in your car then a trailer
I can't think of anything to comment, so here's a cinnamon roll recipe: \n\nIngredients\n\nFor the Dough:\n1 cup whole milk\none 1/4-ounce packet active dry yeast (2 1/2 teaspoons)\n1/4 cup plus 1/4 teaspoon granulated sugar\n4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl\n1 large egg yolk\n1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract\n2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more if needed\n3/4 teaspoon salt\n1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\nFor the Filling:\nAll-purpose flour, for dusting\n12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan\n1/2 cup granulated sugar\n3 tablespoons ground cinnamon\nFor the Glaze:\n2 cups confectioners' sugar\n1/3 cup heavy cream\n4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted\n\nDirections\n\nMake the dough: Warm the milk in a medium saucepan over low heat until it reaches about 100. Remove from the heat and sprinkle in the yeast and 1/4 teaspoon sugar (don't stir). Set aside until foamy, 5 minutes. Whisk in the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla.\n\nWhisk the flour, the remaining 1/4 cup sugar, the salt and nutmeg in the bowl of a stand mixer. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Mix on low speed with the dough hook until thick and slightly sticky. Knead on medium speed until the dough gathers around the hook, 6 minutes. (Add up to 2 more tablespoons flour if necessary.)\n\nRemove the dough and shape into a ball. Butter the mixer bowl and return the dough to the bowl, turning to coat with butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 1 hour 15 minutes.\n\nRoll out the dough, fill and cut into buns (see instructions below). Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking pan; place the buns cut-side down in the pan, leaving space between each. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled, 40 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325.\n\nBake the buns until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Cool in the pan 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make the glaze: Sift the confectioners' sugar into a bowl, then whisk in the cream and melted butter. Transfer the buns to a rack and spoon the glaze on top while still warm.\n\nHow to Form Cinnamon Buns\n\n1. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 12-by-14-inch rectangle with the longer side facing you.\n\n2. Spread with the softened butter, leaving a 1/2-inch border on the far long edge. Mix the sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle over the butter.\n\n3. Brush the unbuttered far edge with water. Roll the dough away from you into a tight cylinder and press on the long edge to seal.\n\n4. Cut the cylinder with a sharp knife to make 6 equal-size buns.
Fake news MSNBC makes it up as they go along.. he never said that.. he said wouldn't you like to see the owners.... which 75 percent of Americans agree
*Those pets had first class tickets too.*
Never giving up my second amendment tho
Aww, they're all so cute & dumb
Kylie definitely had a leg up when starting her business but that should drive you all to work EVEN HARDER because you have to start from the bottom. I love this family and I hope they continue to film and inspire me forever. Honestly, my favorite family ever.
I would love NOTHING more in life, than to see a USAF A-10 Warthog execute a multiple pass straifing run on those reprobates....mid-march!
Wait he only got 9 years wtf!!!
Americans are enjoying life.too much..living a.life.of greed while.children are dying in africa in hunger and.poverty\n Poor america..
Thanks Matthew! Love these videos.. I dream of working there.. (as a gardener! LOL)
Who is influencing this stuff? Ever since those mass shootings were on news, has it increased or we're just aware of it? I mean the world has always been violent in various ways verbally and physically or passive aggressive no?\nAnd that asian dude who was a doctor refused to get off his flight and everyone started acting all mean or defensive. I hope that's not racist to say. It's just one guy, but then it keeps happening.\nDo you give people what they want or push against it the same as them...maybe I shouldn't be seeing this but then who isn't that way to follow such example to handle how we feel and interact
can beyonce be next?
Omg.. This is horrible. God bless all.
Personally I think the audience score is best.
Only dumb *niggers* and *beaners* see this as racist
Maybe the earthquake can hit hollywood and clean up those trump haters with nothing else to do.
Someone definitely took someone else's dog home that day.
That's a good women doesn't know anything and doesn't ask questions
My teacher said that this book was one of the best books she's ever read, and it always makes her emotional. So i was kinda excited to read it, but it ended seeming like a very pointless story in my opinion. Very boring and dull, but thats just my opinion.
I love my fidget cube! Everyone is obsessed with fidget spinners, but I prefer the cube - more versatile, more clicking noises to make, more ways to annoy my coworkers.
Something definitely seems fishy about all of this. This has inside job written all over it
he is good
Contrary to those who want to shut him up, he should actually speak more and continue giving Christian fundamentalists a bad name. 

Harvey Liberal Weinstein
Im not all the way through the video yet but - did they take a fucking polygraph ? I dont think she had part in it, he clearly sent her away for a reason..
Prooobably didn't need to smash into his car. Probably.
ATTENTION WHITE FOLKS: BLM IS NOT THE PROBLEM: More whites are dying than are being born in 20 states in America. Whites are dying from heroin, meth, cocaine and opioid overdoses in record numbers. In fact, more white people have died from drug overdoses in the last 3 years than have died in the Vietnam war. The White mortality rate has exploded whereas the Black mortality rate has decreased. White men are committing suicides at epidemic rates. White males account for 77% of all suicides in America.  This is a major problem. The White on White homicide rate is 89% and climbing. White America is on the decline morally, spiritually and economically. A few white American parents have confessed that thy don't feel connected to their teens and a myriad of white teens say that they feel alienated from their parents. Moreover, many white American households have been torn apart because of divorce. The White divorce rate is at a staggering 57%.  Sadly, over the last 3 years, there has been an increase in the number of cases of white youth who have snapped and killed their parents. Many young white folks feel despair and hopelessness. More importantly, white youth, and youth in general, are distracted by technology. There is an information overload due to social media. Many so called conservative Whites tend to feel that Blacks, minorities, Jewish people, leftist ideology and BLM are the problem with AMERICA. They fail to look inward or look at the bigger picture. Black Lives Matter is not the problem!
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
ALLAHU AKBAR! Allah is so Loving that he let women drive now. Now women can go shopping for husband without husband having to get up off couch and stop eat kebab flavor potato chip! FUCKING YEAH! 'RABIA
Vox, can you please put up the background tune for download? Its such eerie goodness
I don't agree with the way the cops handled this situation, but to be honest, I'm not surprised. This was illegal, and people knew. They knew there would be consequences. They were even telling kids to go vote, when it's illegal to have people under 18 years of age to vote. There's always been hate between Catalonia and the rest of Spain. Yes, people. Catalonia IS Spain. Period. There's been a big financial crisis for almost a decade and making Catalonia independent will only make it worse. I live in Barcelona and am totally against this ignorant idea. This would not only make it a new country, but it would also not be a part of the EU. Hey, it worked for Switzerland, but Switzerland has always been one of the top 10 richest countries in the world, and therefore has been able to afford to be expensive. This will ruin Catalonia in so many ways and I can't wait to see their faces when they realize how foolish, ignorant, and brainwashed they were. So, Catalonia, it's a NO from me. I'll be happy to move to Madrid.
Snoop didn't miss the point. All those rappers he was talking about do sound the same. One of my favorite triplets rap song is, Brotha Lynch Hung's Season of Da Sicc!!!!!!!!!
Paul Ryan is such a hypocrite.. and a total political beast - doesn't have any ideology beyond just being on top and supporting whoever can give him power to do so. Doesn't have any moral stand, doesn't have any interest in providing a public service or benefit to the people.. an awful excuse for a person.
LICE-METH-HEAD WHITES are so ignorant and are only proud because they're psychologically brainwashed: You think White Supremacy is going to talk down itself. 1) Where is their evidence to support Jesus Christ and Biblical characters were White, or that Whites possess superior intelligence than others in the world. Whites exploit others talent, ideas, inventions, money, music, work, property, etcetera and claim ownership. That is why I never fill out surveys or do more than necessary when Whites are involved in my meetings, directly or indirectly. 2) Look up Neanderthal DNA or Monkey Rhesus DNA in Whites. Why are Whites prone to more internal disorders and skin diseases because of much lower melanin levels? 3) Google White mutant genes, which are inferior biologically which produce a physically inferior product that burns in the Sun, even with their chemical sunscreen--VAMPIRES. White scientists reveal Whites age more and have more cases of arthritis, Autism, eye seeing disorders(the need for regular and UV glasses)and hearing disorders(the need for hearing aids) compared to Blacks. Why are Whites having more plastic surgery, organ transplants, Testosterone or hormonal injections to mitigate these abnormalities. 4)CRIMES, CRIMES, AND CRIMES: Whites make a declining 14% of world pop., but commit more crime than any race and its effect Millions of people compared to Blacks. Whites commit more robbery and theft: white collar crimes, fraud, ethic violations, political corruption, and extortion.  Whites commit more Murder with evidence of the Indians, Holocaust, lynchings, frivolous wars, documented police killings, documented doctors' killings of patients, even White on White crime, etcetera. 5) White Supremacists hate diversity because it isThe end of the White Race. If Whites were truly superior, they could thrive in any and under all conditions, and among all people because all non-whites are Inferior--right? 6) If White is beautiful and right, why a billion dollar tanning industry and melanin injections? LOL! 7) Whites do more drugs: Opium and Heroin, Cocaine, Prescriptions, Meth, Hallucinogens, Amphetamines, Morphine, and Alcohol. 8) Whites are Secretly on more welfare, disability, unemployment, and file more bankruptcies compared to others. 9) There are other sources of entertainment besides Incest, Beastality, and deceptive superiority, so use them! 10) Last, Blacks are diverted from certain areas of expertise or professions and for good reason. The shadow government does not want black people to go into areas of Archaeology, Egyptology, Biochemistry, Law, Medicine, etc. in large numbers because expertise in these fields will show black people just how fraudulent the worlds current paradigm really is. \n\nGuys my fingers are tired and feelings may get hurt, but the list goes on with numerous evidence. Elephants don't swap flies, but I'll remind Whites to go back to the cave in Europe to continue dying out, regardless of the Sun!\n\nNonetheless, White Supremacists typically will deny everything, deflect, use opinions and circular logic while shifting the blame to Blacks or non-whites. LOL!
Because Trump is so respectful to our country 
Can someone who believes this is racist PLEASE explain it to me? Because my god right now I just think you're all way over dramatic!
Fuck the free market amirite?
The wording of this is surprisingly poetic and full of wordplay. Huh.
Donald J. TRUMP.... Is by far the Best World Leader ever!
Best piece on Fox in quite a while, finally speaking the truth.
YOU ARE IDIOTS! THE GOV USA IS OVERTHROWN! HILLY & BILLY ARE WHO ORDERED THE DC FBI VX USED TO MURDER UN'S BROTHER! MOCKING GOD ALMIGHTY! MISSING?! ARROGANCE! WHY IS TGE SATAN LUCIFER GOV USA DC TOPOGRAPHY EVIL? HOW DID THE BIOENGINEERED VIRUSES? WE'RE THE AGENDA AGAINST RIGHTEOUS MESSENGERS? THE INVASIVE SPECIE ISSUE! THINK DEVIOUS AGAINST GOD ALMIGHTY I TERMINATE YOUR BEING REMOTELY! IDIOTS! ONLY GOD ALMIGHTY CAN MURDER HUMAN BEINGS! JESUS IS AN ALLEGORY NOT A LITERAL MAN! NO WHITE MAN CAN BE DIVINE! THINKING BLACK AMERICAN PEOPKE ARE SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHER PEOPLE OR THAT DARK SKIN BALK IS SUPERIOR TO LIFHT SKIN BLACK IS ETERNAL DAMNATION! GOD ALMIGHTY IS ASIATIC BLACK CHINESE! WHAT IS QIGONG? WHAT IS GOING ON? POP OFF!
If she doesn't have the right paperwork to fly .. why the f is she even on the plane? Doesn't make sense
Love the videos like this you guys are doing -- keep it up.
Something made this man snap he didn't need any money so the question is why did he plan this out.I think she told him she was leaving him and she took his money and went to the Philippines.Then he snapped because she left him if he was a nice guy why would he start shooting at innocent people.Why would someone pay you to leave them when they are madly in love with you never heard of such thing.Why did she leave what was the real reason she left she was tired of him.They need to watch her to see if she is having another love affair check her phone records as well.Why she is not showing any emotions.
https://goo.gl/EQdsgQ
Lucky Mexico City!!!
If they are US citizens but the US won't help them economically, that's called COLONIALISM.
Errm where's the cordon and bomb squad to sort out that bomb that failed to detonate properly lmfao\n\nCome on people move along,\nWalk straight past bomb on your left please.....
And people are holding candles. how stupid. Candles and prayer will save the world... yeah..
Trending ... YouTube propaganda at its finest .
Rap is a feminine demon.    The devil with a pussy.
I think pets should be banned on on all flights and all Airlines.
I had no idea you Brits had girls this pretty and intelligent. Maybe it was a mistake for us to fight the revolutionary war for independence from the Monarchy. With girls like that, I think I'm gonna start a petition to rejoin thatgovernmentand instead of bowing to the Queen, I'm bowing toEmma.
Hollywood is infested with sick and twisted satanic pedophiles! Do your research these hellyweird celebs are into some of the most sick things we can imagine. Wake up!
Stupid rednecks....
I did not vote for Trump, but I am glad he won.
I hope my dad is OK I will never see him because he was illegal so he had to go the last time I saw him when I was 4 now I'm 13
Martin Luther King Jr didn't like black culture. I doubt he'd approve of what's going on now.
Trump did this
This was policy thrown into a budget bill by an unnamed legislator, which is ridiculous. The legislator should attach his or her name to it unless he or she is embarrassed by that, and if you're embarrassed by a bill, you shouldn't be promoting it. Also, policy stipulations should not be included in a budget bill - there's a completely different type of bill that addresses exactly that. I'm sure you complain about pork barrel additions to resolutions, and that's what this is.\n\nI think the other issue people have with it is that it only affects bike and pedestrian infrastructure, but it still allows for roads to be built by condemning property. You make it sound like cyclists want to put a trail right through the middle of a cornfield - in most cases, it's adding a path alongside a freeway or existing road. In addition, the mention of lycra/spandex is completely irrelevant and unnecessary. Many people never wear spandex while riding, and it seems like you're just trying to de-humanize cyclists by bringing that up. If I wore spandex while driving, does that make me less important than drivers wearing jeans and a t-shirt?
I love the way he said he loved the music he sang all the way to the end
This vice guy is way funnier than the guy in the video. And not just in japan, his brand of humor transends all borders and barriers.
What was the restaurant he was trying to recommend !?!? Thats the real question.
I send prayers to all in Ireland! I'm sure you were all there with prayers for those in the California fires! Stay safe! I hope y'all were prepared for this kind of emergency?\nCHEERS! 
Hey I saw an important historical information about 9-11 attack, check this out:http://kibuilder.com/F3i
Is he black?? If so don't shoot him cause it is wrong but if he is white then go ahead, they don't matter
So US security services protecting a terrorist.  Well nothing new actually.
God is great
This broad needs to get laid
2:04 Jeez lady get off the plane
shooting accurately? your shooting into a crowd. it's like raining down not aiming down, dumbass.
I personally think MK did a great job, and Im not even a fan.
$10 says a triggered atheist will comment their tolerance with this. (In all seriousness, I hope the people at the church are okay. :))
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
Barely even a bit of wind in Dublin
This chick still looks like she's 16 lmao
Targeted we don't know if anyone was targeted. He shot out of a window from 300 yards with an AR. (Or LMG) there's no way you would've seen the person you were trying to kill, unless it was Jason Aldean.
The smartest is the mom.
I love this painting
Here's Colin. Still unsigned, but hanging in Borneo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHgahMP6ewQ
Damn, these Vice reporters know so many languages it blows my mind. I can barely handle one, and they seem to know whatever needs to be spoken.
Instead of the California legislature meeting and deciding to obtain sanctuary state status, I guess it would have been wise for them to have set a plan to cut the over growth of all the tree huggers utopia so that when a fire did break out, they would have fire breaks that would slow this crap down. But, you can't stop the burning of Sodom and Gomorrah because the filth of that state has reached the nostrils of even the highest in heaven.
Maybe ill make a bump stock on my 3D printer dumb fuckers
I swear, he's gonna get reelected. Then we'll have Pence
How did drumpf do this I heard on John Oliver's show that le drumpf did this  make Mexico not shaken again le drumpfstein
Dominique Strauss-Kahn had all the charges dropped and the conclusion was that it was almost certainly a vengeful, politically motivated act to end his possible run for the French presidency. I'm all for protecting women. But I'm also not a moron. In hyper-competitive worlds, people lie in order to serve their own selfish interests. It astounds me that Jane can just rattle off demonstrably false allegations and it be taken as fact. Amanpour -- who is familiar with the case -- doesn't even bother to correct her. Strauss-Kahn should file a suit against both of them.
And yet, a song with just one repeated word would suck. So it must be more complicated than just us liking sheer repetition. I wish Vox would have done more research into where the sweet spot is and why.
Who cares.. What's going on in Puerto Rico? What about Iraq and everywhere else our soldiers are? What's up with North Korea? Anything else other then this. If I want to hear about the NFL I'd watch espn or anything sports related. I'm sure Trump knows almost nothing about sports.
I pray for all the souls who left us at that tragic massacre and everything happens for a reason I pray for the families of those who lost loved ones and for those injured may they find peace with what happened and overcome their injuries  hail Mary full of grace the lord is with the blessed our thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus holy Mary mother of God pray for us sinners now and after our death, amen!
Congratulations all great women
Whats up can you guys please help me get my name out there i post videos weekly and i promise i will have 1 mill subs one day so join medotv now and help me hit 50 subs for now lol
Crack that whip\nGive the past the slip\nStep on a crack\nBreak your momma's back  When a problem comes along you must whip it \nBefore the cream sits out too long you must whip it\nWhen something's going wrong you must whip it
God damn i swear people are getting stupider by the day the jokesters in the comments are just trying to irk a reaction out of other people simply ignore them
This has-been knew and didn't CARE and she doesn't CARE now. Her only goal is to never overlook an opportunity to spread drivel and make a political statement. Nobody worth their salt is buying it,  bunch of Hollywood jackasses!
where is that insane Irish weather chick to warn us? I am pro-vajazzle
this is all trumps fault, great job merica!!!
It wasn't like he said I believe in only two things completely - the First Amendment and big boobs.
Good Get him out, you're fired hahaha
These people are unbelievable! Megalomaniacs! They actually belive themselves so powerful that they think they can effect the weather.
One of the smartest women on the planet. Yes, she is gorgeous, sexy etc. But she is that without even trying. She is not using her stunning beauty to make herself seem legit. She is the real deal!
The management assured that workers check the glass panels daily . huh.. you can never rely on Chinese products
Wow that's scary!
WE NEED MORE EARTHQUAKES!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*it's not enough*
Well said.  Let's have a national kneeling and protest the NFL
The rest of the world can see the US has a real gun problem, but not many American reporters seem to mention it. I'm glad the UK now has some of the most stringent gun control laws in the world after the 1987 Hungerford shooting or we'd have our share of nutters killing people too.
Love to see Trump campaign. Shows everyone what a POS the POTUS is. Can't wait for his fall.
Why are people saying there are no cars? Sure, its not jam packed with cars like the US but there are many cars there. I've seen many places with similar density of cars
Sarah triggers the alt left.
You know the scene in Titanic when the musicians play while the ship is sinking? This is what Theresa May is doing.
Este es el karma justo para un narcotrfico violento del tercer mundo que exporta tanta pobreza y maldad a los Estados Unidos. No hay amor perdido para los mexicanos. Ellos son el enemigo no declarado del pueblo estadounidense.
Another reason to never watch the emmys...pure trash!
Need more city like this in France !! Help us please :( !!
Good
What cnn couldn't come up with any bullshit lie for a change?\nBottom line is cnn is full of shit all the way from the owners to the talking heads to the viewers.
prays going up for Mexico
It's lee nelson/Simon brodkin
He exploited young women with daddy issues
The girl is Robin hood 
Shit 
Principal Wilson was out of line.  Using a fallen hero as a publicity stunt.  Shame on her, and anybody that thinks this is O.K.
Get it, Candace!!!
A professor with a bachelor in entitlement with a minor in safe spaces.
How is this trending and I'm not? can anyone explain?
 !
For max impact why didn't the shooter take out the singer and band
Khloe b like it's not my fault ur kid is insecure
Gun control laws will never work
I give this fucker 3 years todo the following.\n1- die on overdosing drugs\n2- murdered\n3- back in prison for 2 dui
Dana white
Oh Americans..\nWhat have you become 
Let them kneel. Who cares. After a few weeks they will go back to their mistress and mansion. They act like they care but laugh when they get their paycheck.
Trump 2020
I wish she would have just said how about espn sucks our fucking dicks, they are lying scum.
I had no idea you Brits had girls this pretty and intelligent. Maybe it was a mistake for us to fight the revolutionary war for independence from the Monarchy. With girls like that, I think I'm gonna start a petition to rejoin thatgovernmentand instead of bowing to the Queen, I'm bowing toEmma.
A BUCKET BOMB? WTF!
why is the camera CONSTANTLY MOVING? distract from what's actually happening on screen maybe? BECAUSE IT SUCKS (the camera and the content). thanks
Pray for puerto rico <3\n(I am not puerto rican)
      ?  19    ?
How many hurricanes come this fast?!
This absolutely gives me an elevated level of respect for Seth M. over other celebs.
Can you feel it now Mr Florida?
so much win.
Paul Ryan is in it for himself. Many people saw this. Unfortunately it takes this for the majority of people to finally see this. Vote him out
whats the backround song?
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see.\n *THIS IS NOT CLICK BAIT!* Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me *share it* with others. *There's HOPE!* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
0:34 that's a fine piece of ass!!!(in the white dress)
Wonderful, intelligent young lady.
This is awesome! Lmao
Sad to say... This topic will blow over in 2 weeks and we'll be talking about the kardashians again
So you skip from 1850 to 2010?
Want to make MONEY FROM HOME TODAY GUARANTEED get started here IT WILL change your life click the link and GET STARTED TODAY https://BestEasyWork.com/eionismylife
The dude made a lot of money for CNN.
Died independentist catalonia.. its rats motherfkcers!! Live spain!
Lmfao
niggu?\nneegeiru?
 
The problem with this video is that it editorially presumes that income and economic inequality are bad things. They are not. The fact is in a free society meritocracy, income inequality and economic inequality are logical and intended outcomes of a varied society. This was the intention of our Founding Fathers who opposed the inherent unfairness of England's nobility class economic system which arbitrarily allocated economic resources to certain families by law, and perpetuated them by inheritance. Shockingly, the entire premise of this video is unabashedly consistent with the fundamental economic distribution principles of Marxism and Lenninism, and disingenuously misrepresents the implicit equality philosophy of Constitutional Americanism. Our Founding Fathers never intended for Americans to be economically equal, or for income distribution to be equal, in fact Jefferson railed against it, cautioning against dangerous leveling of society in economics and resources as being detrimental to individual ambition and industry. Your editors need to know this: Americans were always intended to be equal before the law, nothing else, especially in economics. To be sure, Jefferson and our Founding Fathers would disapprove of any statute, tax or otherwise, that would  advantage or disadvantage one segment of society over another. In that sense, our Founders would loathe our entire tax code. Although Jefferson would be outraged at the notion of an income tax, if one were required, he would favor a single flat rate, corresponding to a simple church tithe on gross income. No loopholes. No exceptions, not even the poor.
Where's rocket man?
No racist but class segregation  & discrimination, which is unfortunate in Japan.\nAlso Japanese shop owners are subject to yakuza protection. Women are still 2nd class.\nGood & bad in Japan.
*Fun Fact:* The reason why they call it the religion of peace is due to the fact that peace back then had an entirely different meaning than from how we define peace today. Religion of Peace was the concept of destroying anyone or anything that rebelled against or defy the establish belief such as Islam instead of being tolerant of different cultures and ideas.
I think we need netting all around the field
Will trump help rebuild??
OFF WITH HER HEAD!!!
So no ones gonna comment on that tongue flip at 1:06???? K.
Cybernet T2 big brother
Trump fans... So what do you'll have to say about this now?
Well Samsung can't beat Apple any more and I am a Apple person
Isn't is funny how I got and uber ad before this lol
According to Sadiq Khan, Muslim mayor of London, this is just everyday life in a big city. True. A big city in some Islamic shithole country teeming with subhuman, stinking, violent Muslims. I remember a family vacation to London in the early 1970s. Then it was actually full of courteous, civilized white Britons. I was there a second time again early this summer, and large parts of it are so rancid and violent with Muslims those areas should be leveled, the Muslims repatriated to whatever Islamic death cult cesspool they crawled out of, and the areas vacated populated by white Britons once again.
Deadliest mass shooting in US history was wounded knee 300 innocents murdered there.
Fuck My President
Amazing Tour..
For anyone that doesn't understand much about firearms, regardless of your viewpoints on guns\n\nVOX lied about 80% of this video. Straight misinformation and lies
Crisis actors and fake reporting of a staged event.
looks like a marshmallow
Nothing is more irksome than asking a question and then interrupting the answer
Comments on videos like this remind how stupid so many people are
I STAND FOR THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION!!!\nNever let a symbol of freedom become more important than the freedom for which it stands for.\nPatriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag. Patriotism is about making this a country where everyone wants to.
Baby heartbeat listener Tracker- Heartbeat monitors application has the particular fun and nonmedical objective. \nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Taking a knee is a disrespect to this country. Now let me raise taxes on the poor and send them to war. Clinton is horrible horrible human being. Let me take away health care for the poor. Puerto Rico have lazy ppl. Now let me strip epa funds allow chemical plants have they way with the poor land.  Nazi had good ppl in their protest. Now this is trump being supportive of ppl that went to war against America, very patriotic of trump.  Now tell me who gets mad at ppl, even tho they have a right to do so for kneeling for a positive cause. It's ok to support a group of nazis, but not a group of ppl trying to get equality. Trump the great turd is stripping the boots off your feet. Make The Rich Richer again should be his slogan.
(((Rap)))\nDon't confuse primitive behavior with masculinity.
299,999 views
https://youtu.be/swcJzacZkWU
How many of your viewers, Mr. Hansen, enjoy hearing about politics when they're tuning into you to hear sports reports,,,,,,scores, local high school game reports, ANYTHING besides politics. You should stay in your lane, sir.
Wow when will we all just accept that Hillary lost and Trump won?
I'm hearing internet is intrinsically good? Meh, difficult to get on that boat.
i bet trump wont send help like they did for houston 
I'm hearing internet is intrinsically good? Meh, difficult to get on that boat.
Where's Franco when you need him!?
I just heard that there are 3,000 active investigations of potential terrorists in the UK and another 20,000 that police are concerned about. In the USour FBI has 6,000 possible Isis sympathizers under surveillance. Time to ban Islam and burn all Korans.
A lot of people comment on how they've let this go on and on for so long. Harvey Weistein was a powerful man in the Hollywood industry. A lot were manipulated, shut-up, and scared. It just took one known name to come out and say something for others to feel confident to speak up. Better late than never I say but yes, of course, 10 or 20 years ago would have better. Get these names out there Hollywood! This has gone on long enough!
lol Idk why your just spreading their message. This guy is wise in his years, I'm feeling agreeable with him
Damn both sides are stupid. Can't you all agree that Trump has his strengths and faults?
*BUT DID IT DESTROY A GAMING CHAIR*
It's hard to see from the video, but they literally plopped this in the middle of a city. They have closed lanes and entire roads and there was loud as hell construction there for YEARS... it's literally right next to houses.
Megyn is seemingly horrible. Go back to Fox now that your nemesis is dead.
Me (from the US) wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a Haitian and a DR so that says a lot.
The hat at 3:36...
All the angry conservatives in this comment section are making me laugh. Y'all are gonna call liberals snowflakes when you get triggered by an award ceremony?
Dont ruin it for everyone else
SREN PILMARK !!!! Hey every Danish person watching, LOOK, IT'S SREN PILMARK :D
                       
*Two homosexual black I guess*
Race track filled with idiots
I lost power for 5 and a half hours
You should check again what racism is again. Not every misfortune caused to a black nation is racist - unless the skin color was the reason for the action.
Lol
President Cringe
lmfao at anyone who thought this was actually gonna devastate anything. Florida experiences hurricanes quite frequently. As a result, most houses are built to last through a hurricane of substantial power. The media definitely overplayed this one lol
Oh CNN and you're fake news
What a gutless wimp! What an absolute coward!..It must, by now be clear to him that Trump is totally wrecking America..But he won't say it!..Reason?..Fear! Ryan knows that if Trump goes..For whatever reason..All those republicans who 'got into bed' with him, will go too!..Including him!..So, he cringes in fear of this happening, as it surely will happen, and so he prevaricates and talks nonsense that has no real meaning and puts a smarmy face to the cameras! But, i suspect he knows!
Open offices are retarded
It's disgusting that this is not mainstream.
Finish him  
Guys the original Weaboo
Great Britain, we are tired of waiting around  for you guys. Time to grow a pair. Signed USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand
Lock the cunt up!
We finally have a President with a spine and ball's. President Trump I salute you!
Kelly, are those peanuts you're making worth the reputation your name will hold for the rest of eternity?\n\nYou will be remembered as the devil. For life. Congratulations.
Don't read the comments
The science needs to be there for earthquakes.  Global warming doesnt have shit on earthquakes.  A predictive system could be created.  It seems weird that it isnt more of a focus considering how many are in danger given a huge quak in southern california
Simon brodkin
Did anyone else feel like the question was really inappropriate? About plastic surgery? I mean really?
And this content deserved trending?
Some people are so full of shit. Bandwagonning anyone?
Terrorist this time a white one.\nOnly polcible in America...
Who cares about this fucking hollywood scandal shit, start reporting things that actually matter in this world, Fuck CNN
It's almost like Andrew.
LOVE KELLYANNE CONWAY. SMART, NO NONSENSE. A REAL POWERHOUSE, AND A BEAUTIFUL PERSON AS WELL. MAY GOD CONTINUE TO RICHLY BLESS HER.\nBUILD THE WALL.
WHAT I LOVE IS THE ASIAN GIRL THAT GOT SEND DIRECTLY FROM NORTH KOREA  TO SUPERVISE ELECTIONS JAjajaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
About two minutes in I felt the urge to punch the dude in the face, and the rest of the vid explains why!
Its all fun and games until it actually cracks and you wouldnt even know
Fuck all this global warming bullshit we are screwed any way.
That would honestly be me, lol!
Black cabs in London are WAYYYY too expensive and this smacks of a powerful lobby at work against passengers best interests.
Simon brodkin
Might HAVE*
Lol
That's just fucking evil
Im less than an hour away from the Mississippi River and I got 12 hours of rain. BOOOO. I want more.
Megyn Kelly is horrible! I would never watch her show after seeing this!
Hotel security footage or GTFO!
Hell's Bells!!
And leave it to the folks at libtard MSNBC to not correct this very delusional man, who obviously was smoking way to much horse dung, and allow him to continue his delusional rant. WTF. They now he is wrong. Why doesnt anybody step in and say NO. This is not what America is.
Jews. need. to. let this. OJ. bullshit. go....DITTO. for. the. Holocaust...... like. THEY. say... Just. get. over. it. already!!!!!!
Overrated: Video Games being bad for you or First person shooters make you violent
Someone tell me why this boy has two watches
Hillary /Obama took money from Harvey so what did they give Harvey in return bend over and lead from behind Chris Matthews favorite!!
Now all Saudi guys pay a Lambo Aventador to their wives (or Bugatti Chiron)
Lord Infamous
Fucking red pill everytime
BANNON IS A FLAME THROWER HE DONT PLAY WOO HOO 
WORLDAASS NEWS.SETUP A SET LIKE ANY TV SHOW LIKE WENDY WILLIAM FOR KARDASHIANSLIVE PLUS DOIT WHERE EVER.GET CAMERAMEN PLUS PHOTOGRAPHERS.CLARENCE A WHITE 70%.
Is this because of Planet Nibiru aka Planet X? I don't think so. \n\nEdit: And is it because of 12 revelation sign? Idk what I'm gonna say
2.2 Mbps.One day it hopefully will be fixed.
Natural selection do your stuff...what a scum bag
What's to investigate? It's the damn muslims once again. The Religion of pieces.
What voter suppression is going on? Requiring an ID to vote makes it to where it is harder to cheat in elections. Election and voter fraud are a real thing. What is so racist about requiring an ID to vote?
The comments section is cancerous, screw all you inbred redneck hick right-wing trumptards, your making jokes and people are dying. I hope y'all have absolute misery for the rest of your meaningless lives. I donated $100 to the earthquake relief. By the way Mexico definitely now ain't paying for that wall, the United States taxpayers will be paying for the wall if it passes and gets built. Stay strong Mexico, there are people who care about you in the USA and around the world. Ignore these loser trumptards, they have low IQs and no empathy.
What about the hundreds of other videos like this that are on liveleak, do they get to be on trending too?
I have a feeling this women will be used as a scapegoat
It does go on everywhere. I know, been out in the world for a long time.
This number 2 under the gaming trending.
I remember watching this some years back, and the thing I remember the most is the audience reaction. I was like, who the hell is harvey Weinstein? Now I understand why they reacted the way they did.
what you can do is STOP WHITE SUPPREMISIT HATE CRIMES!
Boycott the NFL!\nVote out McCain 2018!
I love the nice, pleasant music. It goes well with all the screaming.
Thumbs up times a million..
In Scotland I think it is bad
Was that Lee Nelson?
Typical every white male is writing  or has written a book including Bernie Sanders , and it's  pats on  the  backs for all ,but Hillary writes a book and a misogynistic white male America tells her to Shut up . None of them will sell their books  at a record  three hundred thousand books sold in one day . So STFU  to that !!
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Jennifer Lawrence, licking my excrement covered asshole while giving me a handjob. I watched Emma Watson give inspiring feminist speeches to the UN, while my spunk trickled down her legs. All those moments will be lost in time, like faps down the drain. Time to die.- Harvey Weinstein's last words to a cop before he killed himself
I greatly respect anyone who paves the way for diversity and give talented people a platform despite what others may say about it.
The only way to stop these shootings from happening again is common sense gun control.
On one hand Democrats call Trump a Nazi, and on the other they call for confiscation of guns by the same government? Democrats are IDIOTS. Contradictions abound! Guess they trust Trump now?
California having 8.1
Has hurricane lee all ready happened ?
The Jew's
Who cares ? About any of this
Give me this Fucks Address!  I don't need to go Overseas to Kill!
Racist? Yes!
You fail to mention how expensive satellite based internet service is
Gay
Longer vox border pls
Very fishy, all of it.
Cuteeee
Paul Ryan is awful
yeet
Why would Catalonia want independence. They speak the same language and Spain has way more benefits and richer than Catalonia thanks to the EU.
So it seems that all of the injuries were caused by the 'stampede' as opposed to the actual so-called 'explosion?'
The crazy thing is that he didn't study Japanese before getting a job there, yet his fluency is so good.
Amazing editing
She is a cow.
I don't watch ESPN anymore because since when is a sports network political TALK ABOUT SPORTS THATS WHAT YOUR THERE FOR like how stupid is ESPN they recently fired a guy for having the last name lee and it was apparently bad bc there was a confederate Robert E lee who was white and the lee on ESPN who was fired was Asian like he should sue ESPN for discrimination over a fucking last name he had no power in picking this is why America is so apart it's bc the liberals purposely do it and then blame us educated people and trump which btw isn't a racist all people who think he is need to get their heads out of there ass bc everything that the liberals use saying he is a racist is so out of context and misleading
Are the fans really safe? Who the hell said they were and who the hell goes into a BASEBALL stadium and doesnt realize there will be flying objects moving at very high speeds?
They created the hurricane so they can push the NEW WORLD ORDER agenda, and destroy thousands of people houses so they wont have access to their homes and will be sent to the camps called FEMA CAMPS and they sound so familiar like they had in WW2 those camps are meant to kill as many people as they can! STAY WOKE GUY, dont be a sheep
2017 was messed up
this is bull
DO NOT WATCH ECLIPSES OR PAY ANY ATTENTION TO THEM!!!\nmany people don't understand that the Sun and Jesus Christ are the same consciousness, this is why there are so many references to Jesus being the 'way, truth, and Light' in religious writing. Sadly, few understand that the 'moon' is the remnant of a destroyed planet that collided with either Earth or Venus around four and a half billion years ago. It's core and Earth's core are mixed together, this is why the core of the Earth is thicker/heavier than it should be for a planet this size. while the physical remnant of the collision is the moon, the remaining consciousness of this destroyed planet is actually the entity known as 'Satan' or 'the devil' and has been since the birth of our planet. Scientists have shown that gas giant planets can determine the order of orbit of smaller planets in a system with their gravitation....it can be deduced that the 'moon' or dead planet that used to orbit between Earth and Venus (this has been surmised by scientists for a long time because of the orbit of Earth being further away from Venus than it should be) has an evil consciousness of hate because it cannot forgive the forced that caused its collision and destruction. Therefore, this consciousness seeks to destroy every human life as revenge for itself having been destroyed as well. While it seems an innocuous astronomical event, the truth is that the covering of the Light of the Son/Sun of God by the evil force in the universe known as 'the devil', the moon is absolutely DEVASTATING to Jesus Christ, the Light of the world. It is as if he is watching millions of people revere and applaud the devil himself. This is why God allowed the monotheistic cults to take over mankind from the ancient traditions of polytheism, because humanity kept falling into moon worship; this is why there is a commandment in the bible not to 'worship any member of the heavenly host' (stars and planets). You can find depravity and sickness in every culture that had an aspect of moon worship, for instance the Incan fishermen that used to sacrifice living children to the 'moon God' by cracking open their chests and offering their beating hearts to this force of evil. Also much of the violence in fundamentalist Islam (including mutilation of children's genitalia) comes from moon worship as Islam is a cult of moon worship, which is why so many Islamic flags have the moon on them ( & also why every dignitary that travels to Saudia Arabia is asked to touch the moon orb, as Trump was pictured doing).
Jesus coming soon
This guy gets awesome goverment healthcare. So should everyone else.\n#Singlepayer #Medicareforall
I work part of the year for a foreign aid charity in China.  The revolt is coming.  There is a growing resistance in the NK population.  You can only opress for so long before starvation and fear turns into rage
3:13 is when the vid starts
sounds..no flash..
Bunch of pussies in the comments here. Like always cut right after the question ask, you liberals are fucking morons!
YouTube and there trending agenda
Anyone who doesn't respect our flag should be sent to prison or deported
HELLO AND WELCOME
you know that CSI reverse camera angle bullshit? - how do we use it here? LoL!
This poor man must be so exhausted.
I'm a republican and I did not vote for trump because I knew he was the scum he's been but trump completely lost me after his comments last week I agree 1000% with Dale I personally am not bothered by the anthem protests and never will be lets be honest we don't watch football for the national anyone who stops watching cause of the anthem protests is an idiot anyone who stops watching cause mediocre backup Colin Kaepernick isn't signed is an idiot I've had to call out my own fanbase the Tennessee Titans for their behavior while national anthem protests solve nothing and will continue to solve nothing players have every right to do it and no one should care they need to keep players in the locker room before the anthem and stop showing it on tv that will solve all issues. We were divided before trump now trump has divided us and thrived off it sadly and he will continue to divide us to boost his own ego and campaign
Lee nelson always up to something hes the one who threw money over Seb platter funny guy

Meghan is an idiot
What an absolutely evil human being.
I killed one cause it called me a smelly bum bum head
Hugh Hefner's last words: *Oh God, the flames, I''m burning!!!!!!*
need more migrants to England. this is god's way of punishing England for the many sins of the Beattles !   gods wrath us upon England for the Beattles satanic music clearly heard , satan is god  when played backwards at 45 rpm !!!!
Still makes it to trending. What a joke.
Katrina killed 1000+
Forget about banning the burqa. Ban Islam.
why is this news
He wanted to say it's impressive that he was that accurate from that far away. He must've been using a tripod.
Sexual Harrasment is part of The Society . Bitter Truth !
I only like granite because there's no grout to clean
A bucket with a small flame and no smoke damage on the side of the seat?
God bless America and all the lives lost that day 
How does a black man get elected president twice in a country full of white supremacist???
Idk about u but I like to shake my ass when it repeats
Much respect to you sir, America First.
More Matt,... More,.......\nLonger, lower.  Land that rover and plant the flag :)))))
Is this a trumpetist or a demonrat? cause all are thexexploiting class...your taxes our income...idiot goims.
Staged. He is a terrible actor
Vox should make a video about Foo Fighters
Religion of peace strikes again
Take some back from America to replace the ones that died where they belong
Why didn't you guys call it a terrorism when a Muslim kills one person you guys call it terrorism but this guy kills 59 and you guys says nothing about it.
What!? Does this guy even know the lyrics?
Stereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/listing/550842299\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Note 8
As a person who lives about 20 miles from where Trump had his rally on Friday, I'm gonna say this Trending video is a Promoted with Money video.
It's absolutely disgusting that some people disliked this video smh
Let the wrecks begin
They cropped this video so you could not see the reaction of abject horror on the guy sitting to his left ... good to know which side of the conversation BI is on
Hanoi Jane should be more upset she is responsible for the deaths of American POWs from Vietnam! Fucking PIG!
It wasn't like he said I believe in only two things completely - the First Amendment and big boobs.
Aaaaaawww man! I wants to go deep insiiiiiidddee!
wow number 9 is looking fineeeee
People sure are talking about this movie.They are talking about how bad it is.
Dude my mind is blowin with this camera thing
WE WILL RISE WHOOP WHOOP
The only crime here is vertical recording
It's heartbreaking to think of all the families being torn apart by this disaster and for all those who's homes have been taken away from them and I think all the people in this comment section who are making jokes and being truly disrespectful should consider the fact that they have things that the people effected by this fire don't and should stop wasting their time by leaving comments that disrespect the families who have lost their lives and those families who will have to rebuild
This is why hockey has boards  and nets.
I thought Canadians were innocent :(
I have family there
I hope you're ok Virgie!!!!!
The media will blame her, the shooters brother, the shooters rough childhood and even the hotel and it's security..... But they won't blame the politicians who allowed high powered guns for civilian purchase huh.
So his brother and girlfriend didnt know he would do anything like this? Sounds like that dude was an absolute master manipulator or these idiots are protecting him
ALL BLACK PEOPLE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THE FACT HAITI WAS AND STILL IS THE 1st BLACK REPUBLIC (paved the way 4 independence for all the BLACK REPUBLICS )but looking at the world today , AM FROM EAST AFRICA (JUST SAYING), all black nations treat and live 2 give their CITIZENS the path  HAITI  created and its sad to see it look like this . NO WONDER , no matter how much BLACK PEOPLE fight 4 change , it must start with HAITI since the PROBLEMS HAITI didn't fight for during there struggle THEN to free ALL BLACK PEOPLE still exist today. LITERALLY HAITI leads the way for BLACK REPUBLICS jst like the USA leads the way for DEMOCRACY . JUST SAYING (A LITTLE BROAD THINKING)
Faith in Humanity RESTORED.
I'm in goergia
Next time just leave the black bitch out of it then.  Or how about we don't have any people in the ad.  Let's just have a bar of soap sitting there alone doing nothing.
Police said they found an AK-47 style weapon on a tripod, and they also found scopes, along with .228 and .308 caliber weapons. This is how he was able to reach them from that range.
The American NFL players have it sooooooo much worse.  Take a knee and cry for them
Britain, especially it's cities and mainly the South of England is rife with racism and hate. It's almost like a brewing civil war here.
What the f ever, Harvey caused way worse deatruction... florida lost sum shingles and couple boats so fuckin what
BAN ALL BUMP STOCKS NOW!
United all over again
Another example: www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWaljXUiCaE\nThanks, RTJ
Who is filming this and why .
What song is the beat from the background music from
Why cant vox stay neutral every video they make is very liberal and doesnt show other viewpoints and can be very misleading
And here in Middlesbrough (north east England) my Internet is pretty damm fast and its unlimited 
Maybe HURRICANE OPHELIA will drive all the brits out of ireland in the north and back to their own country , if that happens we have to make it a national hero lads lol perhaps a god we can sacrifice are politicians to it !
I can't fucking take it. All these people saying my prayers are with you, think about what you're saying. You aren't giving them shit, go out there and help if you mean it.
Legend
Juggalos bunch of tweeter losers. That don't know reality from the stupid ass lyrics of the insane clown losers
I love how he said the ESPN sportscaster was respected lmao. She was given her latest position because of race and to try to be overly diverse instead of hiring upon talent. She's a low life scum just like the other liberal cry baby's
Dostoyevsky's The Idiot tells the story of the autistic Mishkin, whom people of royalty, high esteem and education mistake to be an enigmatic genius, when he is in fact nothing more than an simple idiot.
Wow! This is crazy is that who we are now, instead of giving them a hand we throw a punch, this isn't funny at all. God please help us, we need Jesus in our life.
What about the shots from the 4th floor?
Tom petty is not dead wtf
What a jerk.
I've no idea what this plug's supposed to be for or against.
It is a good story but a story nonetheless.  You fail to mention that Haitians invade the Spanish side and Dominican Republic was born when its people got the independence from the abusive Haitian government. Some how you miss the whole 19th century from your historic lessons.  So bias!
Ive gone away from rap because its repetitive
I've seen videos proving:\nPaddock was an undercover operative selling guns to terrorists.\nHe worked for Lockheed Martin.\nHe was killed in a terrorist gun sale gone bad.\n\nThat's why he had surveillance cameras placed in and outside his room.\nThat's why his neighbor saw gunmen enter his room.\nThats why all the guns. \nThat's why he sent his girlfriend out of the country and wired her money.\nThat's why he had nightmares.\nHe was scared.
LOL, looks like the media is freaking out now that patriots have had enough of Antifa violence. I fought with RAM at Berkeley, they kept the rally safe when Antifa tried to enter the park and attack people. I would side with them any day of the week.
*BREAKING NEWS: MEXICO CITY GOT FUCKED UP*
All these Hollywood bitches will run their mouths about any social injustice...but, if it could affect their career or paycheck...crickets....this is called hypocrisy folks. Bunch of fucking spineless women, who only pretend to care about womens rights. This shit shoulda been outed decades ago.
Boring 
where is that insane Irish weather chick to warn us? I am pro-vajazzle
Boss to me:  Get working\nMe:  IM WORKING\nAlso Me:  Continues watching YouTube
The world is ending
I've made y'all angery yeah
Wait the title of the video doesnt connect to the video
Omg another earthquake. God help these poor people.
If you want to pin it on her for possibly buying a gun for him. Then you should nail the store that sold it to him. If he needed a licence then the person that signed off on him. It's pretty ridiculous already. I'm sure gun powder residue is all over his hands and face. So im sure they have the right guy. And I'm sure if she knew...  she would've reported him  to authorities or family. The media just puts their nose in and jumps to conclusions. Media when you assume and make accusations like that and its false. You really ruin a persons life! You guys need to stop that and just let the real professionals handle this.
OK u really think he planned to escape if he stayed there firing that long? He could see the police coming to the hotel thru the windows no way if he was the only shooter he planned to make it
You can find below an Arms Control Center video tutorial (and its script) on bucket bomb effects in London and the relevant security measures (related to the recent incident in the London tube)\nhttp://armscontrol.eu/2017/09/bucket-bombs-in-london-effects-and-security-measures-video-tutorial/
A lot of white pigs are made in China. If your glass is strong, why don't you do it? At least we believe in the quality of a group of white pigs.
Keep doin you dove
We American's we respect our flag home of the brave & land of freedom show that we're stand and support our country and our veteran god bless American
Catalonia is not a country. Students = useful idiots for the Left, easily brainwashed. To them, Catalonia is just another trendy non-threatening cause to jump on. Catalan separatism is anti-Spanish and communist in origin, Catalan region is long infested with marxists. Why does the Western media outside Spain always fail to mention these details, just because the leftists hide behind red and yellow flags?
Suspend they not care they still get paid
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
Conservatives: Guns are our right! Check the second amendment!\nRavens and Jaguars: Practice their first amendment right to petition their grievances to the government\nConservatives: WOW! They should all be FIRED! So DISRESPECTFUL!
 mexico
Thanks lefties, quit preaching to us, we don't want to follow your lead, and be rapists and racists.
Should've just tased the shit out of her. Professor? I'd be worried if that thing was teaching my kid.
MR PICKLES!!!!
bork bork bork
This is the work of democrats and their nwo operating behind the scenes to change the way we live and scare us into a little box to make us feel safe and content with our 6:00 curfew. The war is coming. But not because of trump.
the other driver got cuffed to 4:53
This is just another Rich people are evil thing.  Rich people are rich because they think about how they spend and use money.  Do you want to think about money or just spend it?  That's right, that's why you're not rich...
CHECK THE FULL: John Kelly Stirring Defense of President Trump in Emotional White House Briefing 10/19/17\n  learn the FACTS with VIDEO
Megyn Kelly is the worst. How is it possible to be so thoughtless? Jane Fonda and Robert Redford are amazing and I wish she could have asked relevant questions. #losthope
at 9:46, Vox please, I need to know, is the person talking Dr. Pulaski from Star Trek? It sounds just like her!
I love this new series by Vox :-)
fuck you, danny...why don't you crawl back up into your mom's ass...you homosexual...liberal piece of shit. stop fucking your sister
Videos like these shouldn't have ads
Can I donate my Xbox one and games to this kid?
Mother nature is larger than humanity. Humanity is barely a blip on the radar of existence,  and an unfortunate one at that.
Plot twist... that's actually a woman in that costume
Royalty doesn't exist anymore
Both these niggas wild for these hairstyles
That's good progress, but when can they walk down the street in a miniskirt or go to the beach in a bikini?\nWhen can they slut around without the death penalty?
where am i
If it's white it's alright.
Hey look there's ads on here. #Youtubelies
nice ads
Get More Views At U 2 B Z O N E . C O M
I feel like it really didn't tell us much about the building...
I want to see one person throw a ball and start a stampede
Looks like Hitchbot joined Isis.
Who knew the NRA cared about human lives!
Full video uncensored (thumbs up)\nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?list=PL5sr52HrKfqVXJ2fCzkgDdi-sXRC-JF1f&v=mLRbvs64qNI
We know the conclusion that can be drawn from this video is the fact that complexity in music is just another tool of the evil white patriarchy to subjugate everyone else.  Down with Beethoven!
Wow and I thought it didn't get any worse than being a fucking commie but there ya go all these fucking celebrities are all pieces of shit that won't even stand up for their fellow actresses can't wait for California to break off in an earthquake so we can have a fucking rational west coast again
Everyone that is saying that pay attention to the game very few people can react that fast to catch the ball. And that was like a 5 year old girl. Theres no way she could react that fast. Theres nothing you could do to stop that ball. Its not there fault that the girl got hit. They probably were watching the game but it still happens even if you do watch the game. Its just a Rare accident. Nobody is at fault
1:37 those are definitely aliens
Honestly, open offices are
I am Groot
What did she accomplish again?
Omg
I think I saw a dalmatian in there.
Lots of prayer and love to mexico.
Might want to underground electricity during rebuild.
Lucky I'm safe and sound
WHAT IDIOT!
I don't like Jemele Hill. I find her frankly annoying. But asking someone to get fired because of a statement is just stupid.
General John Kelly was able to shed some light on what really happened when Trump called and put these liberal slanderers to rest.
Terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist
fuerza Mxico soy mexicano y esto me duele!!!
This is just heartbreaking I have my best best best best friends sisters down in Florida they count escape
Videos like these shouldn't have ads
For those of you arguing with the baseball purists about safety, I wouldn't bother. Most of them don't give a shit whether children are safe at the game. All they care about are their precious foul balls that they can catch and show off to their friends. There are ways to make it work, but they don't want to hear that. Never mind that most of them probably fell in love with the game when they were small children. They're all grown up now, so it's not their problem. All they care about are themselves, like most people on this planet these days. Not that it matters, but I am a baseball fan of 40 years, but I am also a father. To those purists who are willing to listen to possible solutions, I apologize for lumping you in with the others. Unfortunately, there's not many of us. Most are selfish assholes who only care about their own experience at the game.
This is a jail.  Eat sleep work.
What is the song at 0:35??
Klumpen sagde ikke  and we love you . Det er der et eller andet Fjols som har sagt han ikke burde sige  . Det er foruroligende da det beviser benlys racisme . Mexico og Europa burde satse p strkere relationer og ignorere klumpen og hans tosser i fremtiden . Jeg hber at der kan komme konomisk hjlp til ofre og genopbygning ASAP . I skal bare sprge ok . Jeg er sikker p at der allerede er sendt hjlp . I skal passe p efterchock . Det er farligt men det ved i jo allerede i forvejen . Jeg er ked af at folk er dde og vi burde g mlrettet mod at bygge sikre bygninger i fremtiden .
KSA WOMEN Behind the wheel; MENSTILL BEHIND TIME !
Will Apple park be open to the public when complete?
Juggalos are nothing but a huge cesspool of inbred mentally ill fucks...holy shit it's embarrassing
Ive been told cnn cant be trusted and is fake news. So will someone please tell me what actually happened since this story is fake
He shot through the autopsy and didn't mention the shot to his chest and the mouth shot.
I might've is *I might have.*  Come on, if Trump can do it properly, you can too.
This is a great bit of journalism, fantastic work. Looking forward to seeing the rest of the series!
bruh, throw that bitch out the emergency door lol.
What are Juggalos?
Shit everywhere I bet
I am a professor says it all!  F....ing Libtard.
ILLUMINATI
Surreal...  And this is from Fox.      Wonder if hell consider this fake news?
This was at my school but luckily I was on a different bus
White trash people with big hearts. They're nice and kind and dumb. I can't help but feel complete cringe, but I respect their positive outlook. There's a community for everyone it seems, no matter how fringe and cringe.
they make the internet bad on purpose, because they can. I thought everybody already knew that
Y'all need to open a can of man the fuck up. How is this hurting anyone
Your video shows picture of a plastic pale with flames burning inside but the plastic pale is intact, didn't know plastic was explosion proof. Something not quite right here.
A typical jewish pervert. All jewish directors and producers are perverts, pedophiles, and rapists.
Something spells really fishy. The fake news is real, first she was in Japan, Australia, now its Philippines. Another video ago couldn't make up its mind, girlfriend, wife, roommate etc.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Nq16iPcCtwAWho is the fascist?
Lol I live in louisana
SNOOP DOGG - BADBADNOTGOOD - Lavender (Nightfall Remix)
I still think rap is bad music.
When you go to up to attack but your opponents are on the counter attack
Actually in most countries you can only become citizen as child of proper citizens.
Seth's look at the end says: Yeah, you guys laugh it up, but you know it's true.
People are SICK
Fun Fact :White People have 6% Neaderthal DNA aka Monkey Blood  100% true. Explains thier behavior
We can learn from children.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/fCpnnSkueiQ
What about their drivers license?  How would police know?
Hurricane Earma?
Satan  is coming soon
Crap has gotta stop. There is no reason for this. Literally none. Theyre just making up reasons to do this. It doesnt make sense. Stop tapdancin around the meat of the issue. Religioid persecution times are over. \n\nThere is no room for this madness and the moral grandstanding and just wrong conversations about anything is annoying. Asf. \n\nEverybody knows everything. No intellect or facts just babble. 
It's not exciting of there is no blood.
Ok why is japan bad for not accepting so many foreigners??
Campbellites, for you. So, now they're killing each other?  \nAt least they're not killing primitive baptists and methodists this time.
She literally asked the people w dogs to leave the plane... why is she so surprised they simply asked her to leave the plane for acting up?
How rude!
Not enough has been said about Trump as a figure of masculinity.\n\nAlso rap is degenerate
I still think rap is bad music.
holy Shit!,Seth MacFarlane sounds like Mitch Lucker from Suicide Silence \n\nhe should be the new frontman!,I pictured his talking voice becoming his screaming voice and it sounds FUCKING AWESOME IN MY HEAD!\n\nMitch Lucker 2.0!
This is one of those videos that you probably shouldn't like
Another mentally challenge douchebag americunt! What a useless dipshit!
Ayyyyy Simon Brodkin ;)
He shhot his guns out of acasino. Just ban da casinos, problem solved
Wtf that would fuxking give me heart attack too
Bump fire stocks make shots extremely inaccurate. Not to mention emptying that many magazines using bump fire stocks would damn near break his finger. It's a cover up and he is the patsy. Check to see of his trigger finger has bruising. That many rounds using bump-fire stocks would bruise his finger because it slams the trigger against the shooters finger every shot. That's a lot of rounds fired without a break. Come on everybody. Educate yourselves instead of learning from the media.
Sarah Huckabee should be fired.
eh or oi
That guys head is brighter than my future...
my uncle loves there
Whenever trump threatens anyone with war and destruction nature replies with death and destruction .
I don't believe it
My prayers are for Mexico and the whole world, may God protect them and give them strength, God bless you all Mexican brothers. 
http://clippornhd24h.info/9_kutireka99.html
This why people think athletes are stupid and out of touch with real life
mexico city is in a pretty bad spot
Maria is actually my middle name
For every one COP there are 10 un armed Natives that have died  Keep Burning  should've not burned his SOCKS
This is how the EU treats those who defy the EU I still Think that if Spain would have separate from the EU Spain would have remainder together as a country
This man is the devil. As clear as can be.
NO
reminds me of the song: Ophelia,  you've been on my mind since the flood\n(sorry) I hope it doesn't get too bad
What!? Does this guy even know the lyrics?
Women are NOT oppressed in the western world.
Let the fucking woman live her life. Jesus
Because $100 gets you 25+ guns and tons of ammo, and a lifetime of experience on evading the police, that take an hour to get to you. Sure....
Thats a fucking tour guide you gullible morons. Hes carrying a flag with him.
Sounds like a fucking monkey enclosure.
Where was the major outrage from the left when Obama DIDN'T call anyone???
Aww, they're all so cute & dumb
Good thing jacksepticeye moved
In Australia: 13 gun massacres in 18 years prior to the gun-buyback.  In the 15 years after the gun-buyback there have been 0.\n\nWhile 13 gun massacres (the killing of 4 or more people at one time) occurred in Australia in the 18 years before the NFA, resulting in more than one hundred deaths, in the 14 following years (and up to the present), there were no gun massacres.\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA (1989-1995), the average annual firearm suicide death rate per 100,000 was 2.6 (with a yearly range of 2.2 to 2.9); in the seven years after the buyback was fully implemented (1998-2004), the average annual firearm suicide rate was 1.1 (yearly range 0.8 to 1.4).\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate per 100,000 was .43 (range .27 to .60) while for the seven years post NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate was .25 (range .16 to .33).\n\nThe drop in firearm deaths was largest among the type of firearms most affected by the buyback.\n\nhttp://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/gun-control-australia-updated/
Llliisssssssspppppp
The one thing I'm curious about is what makes ICP so appealing as to have an entire sub culture that is as united as the juggalos. I've never seen another band create such a strong group
I hope and pray for those that don't have power and lost their homes.
Mother earth does not exist in the bible... So failure 1 right there.  2nd failure anti Christian, Jewish, Muslim hate film produced by atheists.  The film is offensive, defames and blasphemes God, great way for her to end her career, since most of the world has some sort of faith.
damn
https://youtubem.video/r/?MZNpN7KFUgquAiCuoDbiSZnH1F4ARZ=FYoYLLI5HPLf4VINlyOusN9drq
See people if you just would have prayed harder at the last mass shooting, we wouldn't be dealing with this now.
This is a beautiful tribute to alll we have lost! My heart goes with the victims familes!!
Jane, you treasonous slut.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I guess we'll have to wait for that shipment of tequila.
Download Google Allo. A new smart messaging app! http://g.co/allo/331
California next
The Social status of a person makes people feel they know them personally. #brainwashed #wakeup #everyonesOrdinaryMinusFAME
The worst mass shooting in U.S. history was Wounded Knee massacre in 1890.
Hurricanes, earth quakes, fires, next is another world war
Rest in peace all
Triggered
THANK YOU FOR THIS!!!
They can't vote nor pay taxes to America and in great debt. Trump don't want to help for these reasons.
THIS Whitehouse wants people fired for saying something they deem outrageous?? WOW talk about hypocrisy!
Didn't Haiti conquer the Dominican Republic for a while?
Lass Vegas
He is such a bad actor... All this is so fake. I can't believe people believe this false flag.
Jakayla
They just want our guns. This is a false flag.
Boycott CNN
Allah protect you from Turkey :.(
you know what,  I noticed you were trending too. I think the reason why is because of tags and title of the video? perhaps no one from YouTube screened your video prior deciding whether it gets on the trending list or not.
He didn't kill her or her boyfriend
All the Hollywood bullshit feminists who kept there shitty mouth's firmly shut for donkey's years, knowing what he was up to. \nBut Harvey was a fucking liberal like them so its ok. \nNow there comming out with there fake sincerity\n and tear's.\nBut its ok now because Harvey's going down and he's of no help to them or there career. \nJane you stink like a rotting corpse in the sun.
Would it come to london
They might as well have shot him because every damn time there was a mass shooting they elected to appease the NRA.
Its just 16 , gtf over it smh
TRUMP 2017 MURICAAAA
Stupid MALAKA!
This is some next level classified information
Dude, the beginning is hilarious . Just by watching it, it tickled my balls XD
From the thumbnail it looks like the officer is taking her from behind...if you know what I mean.
That's kinda funny
look at all the acceptable racism going on in this comment section.
Why is he so nervous
Wow
huuuge 
This government seems more interested in political correctness than protecting its citizens from these continuous terrorist attacks.
I wanted to know who won bro
These guys sell all their shares prior to making their WE BEEN HACKED announcement and yet no charges for fraud? This infuriates me.
If you ban guns, you better ban 3D printers. Just saying......
The juice is loose...
Makes me wonder if our universe is being watched under a microscope
And then,his cellphone rang.....and his ringtone\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*WAS A DOORBELL*
I'm surprised the comments aren't disabled.
I thought she was the wife, ex-wife, roomate. Now she's the girlfriend??
A real hero
You need to correct the fact that Spain basically abandon la Spaola island after gold was discover in large quantities in Mexico. Frances was able to take a foot hold on the island western side.
If they are US citizens but the US won't help them economically, that's called COLONIALISM.
Real
That's just cruel.
Wow its funny how US skum judge Iran but keep quiet about SA idiots
Smh Im black and this isnt racist. This whole controversy is stupid
Trump is just terrible\n\n\n\n\n\n\nLike if you agree (O.o)
The naked gun 3 confirmed.
Thank you fox. I think the republican party can come back, but i hope our president grows up a little bit, it makes conservatism look bad when he twitter storms.
Kim Jong, if you read this, I agree with you, Trump is a Dotard and I wish western govts would leave your country alone and let you have the ability to defend yourself like all countries should have.
Why cant it be that this quiet man planned and calculated everything perfectly? Cameras, weapons stored up, sent his wife away as her alibi...its too well planned to by him to even need her. \nHe was sick of life and wanted to go out with a bang. Typical crazy lone wolf stuff.
Bu..but global warming isnt real...
No ... not again
I love this. 

Welcome to the bush
Fake news
Maybe they should build better. I get over 7 earthquakes and our city is fine
Another reason why I don't shop at these markets too often.  I only like to walk around these places for the free samples.  As for the crafts that they sell there, I doubt that most of them are hand-made.
next EXPOSE=PEDOPHILES...cnn going down first.
Live the Desperate Housewives like music
Holy sh*t. The worst part is the nervous laughter and Emma Stone's reaction. Seth has really really dark humour and is brutally honest at the same time
I know the kid. He died . Idk why people keep making joke , a life was taken . Rip bro
Rocky Horror made this image famous.
the woman knows something  Hould her  till u get the true form her
Saying guns kill people is like saying pencils misspell words.
*walks up to the group of dogs*\n\n\nwhos a good boy/girl
First storm we've t hit ireland in 500 years
Please before you make comments about liberal blah blah blah. Just stop, this isn't a political issue. There are many countries around the world that have cheaper internet than we do that is faster. This is the modern era people, we need internet. Work is done online, school is done online, everyday things are done online. America needs to catch up, this is why we need to make utility within the coming 20 years or so.  Plus why would you hate the idea of it being a utility? Set a  current standard for 1080p since that is currently what is being widely used, then upgrade it to 4k usage. \n\nWe need to catch up. Too much greed in these monopoly ISPs
that's what the people think u will see,ur lost in this world with everyone else
Where's rocket man?
a lot of you aren't women who have got in ubers by themselves
We all pray tonight for your death  sir .
If she was black black lives matter would have burnt that airport to the ground lit the luggage carts on fire and stomped on them as they burn police only get away with this kind of shit when it's none blacks they do it to
,  .
Hi there.
How tf is this #48 on trending lmao
Trump did say he's going to create more jobs BUT.. he did not say how.\nWhat a waste...\nHouses near the coast need to be built out of CONCRETE and bullet PROOF GLASS(withstand debris), not wood nor (thin)glass.
Wow, I often wondered how these two completely different countries shared this small island but had no idea of the racism that existed.  It's really disappointing, really saddened me that people are treated this way.
Subscribe to crazy turtle 52
We still hate CNN
YAY!!  Welcome to the 21st century...YAY!!
My peeps in trouble ..i dod the Ancestry test im 6% irish
What depraved people they all are - and these two, one interviewing and other talking such incredible phony trash.    Anyone would think these women were all pure as the driven snow, and so sweet and vulnerable and SO INNOCENT!  Trashy altogether!      I hope this is the end of the absurdity of fe-manism!       THAT is the problem!
Omg... AMAZING. This song always brings tears to my eyes, but this performance made them flow out. You guys have beautiful voices and all sound fantastic. Waking up to this has made my day. Keep up the good work to both the teacher and student.
She wouldn't be a 'person of interest' if she was white!!!!!!!!!
Another snobby brat trying to get attention. These younger people think they r better then everyone truth is they don't know how to behave correctly.
I have an idea what the ad is talking about! They talking about no matter what type of skin or race youre dove shampoo will have the same effects on everyone!
Why are there 1k dislikes? Sooooo many people died.
I am tired of republicans saying this will lower insurance costs, it will NOT. They are getting rid of the tax rebate for the poorest people and they are hacking away at Medicaid. It is the worst bill yet.
This should be interesting.  Who cares if they don't have pariphial vision because of their burka.  What's the worst that could happen
Good thing its a slowslide..
can we stop talking about him...
Hes probably gonna look for his wives killer and look in the mirror
Okay....?
Paul Ryan is such a hypocrite.. and a total political beast - doesn't have any ideology beyond just being on top and supporting whoever can give him power to do so. Doesn't have any moral stand, doesn't have any interest in providing a public service or benefit to the people.. an awful excuse for a person.
I  don't know the juggallos but the government is more concerned about these people than the KKK... no wonder Jeff session is attorney general
Clay Travis has better ratings than CaNNot. :)
If Kosovo can then Catalonia.\nWho's next?                                         KOSOVO-SERBIA
Wound concert glory execute letter office identity.
Even CNN is saying shes wrong.
This is beautiful
Here's a news flash to all the Fonda haters: The war in Vietnam ended in 1975. With the victory of the right side. What she did in 1972 was a symbolic act in solidarity with the eventual victors. She was on the right side of history. As was Tom Hayden. Move on. It's over.  ( I was actively involved in the anti war movement). The Vietnam War vets, like the fools running around with Confederate flags and sticker and t-shirts, cannot fight a war again. Get a life. Get over it.
At this point, im angry that police dont shoot more people
Ya know, Apple could be using this money to build DECENT iPhones, or pay taxes, or do ANYTHING! ANYTHING! That is Worth this trending place.
When the glass actualy cracks by you play it off
shit these earthquakes are making me worry about the new madrid \ni literally live on it
Who the eff is that girl screaming like seriously calm down nobody died.
Rest in spaghetti \nNever forgetti
I guess this is the latest hot thing\nPeople being dragged off airplanes\nUntil something new comes along the media will bombard us with this shit
I love how the music got stuck on many viewers
Im telling you, the world is ending...
sign her up for mi6 she's more qualified then bond
Crazy ass white people im scared
Horrible choice for a host omg! He literally tries so hard to be funny and it's obnoxious as hell to watch!
*I fapped to the anchor. She's hot!*
I wish you guys would boycott Blacks in general.Send us back to Africa.That would reduce your crime by half since Blacks do most of the crime.Its best that we separate.Our races were born to hate each other.Blacks get out of the u.s.a and the u.s.a. can get their bases out of Africa.Besides China is liked over there not so much America.
Another icon bites the dust
That's fucked
Rescue Operations \n\nhttps://youtu.be/gt0DEiKHizI
Gay

p.o.s.....
seriously Trump.. what an A$$hole
Kick that Snowflake bitch off the plane, dumbass Democrats
Who cares
Bob Odenkirk - 35.10\nJames Corden - 55.42
Look how much harder media has made this for Clark County. Dude can't even talk without throwing out tons of disclosures.
The difference between Trumps sex abuse allegations and those of Weinstein and Clinton? PROOF, irrefutable PROOF.
https://politicalmayhem.news/wikileaks-julian-assange-just-revealed-what-really-happened-in-las-vegas-and-it-is-bad-for-the-fbi/amp/
*spends 5 minutes in the comments section looking for what a p45 is* \nO well back to my own politics. Shall not be INFRINGED! You won't take our guns.
The good ones always die too young.
Cuckservatives are disgusting. And stupid. Bigly.
JESUS IS COMING BACK
That is one big kid's birthday  party
EU is Criminal as Madrid!!!! Solidarity with Catalunya from Hamburg Germany
God created the heavens and earth for Islam - to see who will believe , do good deeds and earn his mercy to get paradise and eternal life . If you are completely ignorant of Islam , that might save you from the hellfire although he still expects kindness from all,  whenever possible.
This looks like one of those moments of regret.
Compared to other countries this a storm in a teacup...the media always hype up the local news for obvious reasons in the UK and Ireland, to get more views!
It takes a truly talented song writer, though, to create repetition without sounding redundant. Too much repetition in a songgets soannoyingthat I just turn it off.
A BUCKET BOMB? WTF!
Don't you love how these news outlets rush to judge the security officers doing their jobs and defend a batshit crazy (professor) lady who wouldn't comply to a businesses rules and regulations?
Bork  *I N T E N S I F I E S*
It's absolutely disgusting that some people disliked this video smh
Amazing.  No transcript is not available.   Remember calls trump made to other heads of state the transcripts were leaked.  Now this is not leaked.  Very questionable.
Hand back control of our country To the Queen. lock up all the leftist politicians in the tower. Try them for treason.
It is racist I dont see where any white woman turned into a black woman . The commercial makes no sense for the item they are trying to sell. His would I know if I had the volume off that this was to sell the soap or lotion? Nothing on it says soap or lotion.
wow number 9 is looking fineeeee
At this point there are 7 videos of shooter on the forth floor as well as police audio. The body in the room doesn't have paddock's neck tattoo AND has the wrong eye color.
TRump should listen to what hes saying.
Hmmm, what coincidence! The eclipse happened and now Spain happened, where a isis member ran over people savagely. Then the hurricanes. Then the earth quakes. Hepatitis is breaking out. Not sure if the hepatitis is a big thing. I feel like this eclipse caused a domino affect. I don't know, what you people think??
what everyone loves about the VOX is how detailed and accurate they do their research before making their videos.
This guy is a cockroach
Why do they always have to make excuses for Trump? If he can't do the damn job, then why in the hell is he there?  I wouldn't get myself dragged into Trump's mess if I was Kelly. Trump made his bed, let the bastard lay in it.
I totally agree with you Kelly!\nI think the black lady fabricated all of the words! She is in the deep console but she should have not wasted her time to say something stupid and not important at all!\nObama Didnt even say something to the militarys family when they died!\nThe conclusion is I wont trust any black and what they say because they are LIERS!
Soon to be a parking lot!
God will Fuck USA and Israel because these two Satan have killed millions of innocent civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan...
Yes universal,discussed.
One of my favorite moments in music was watch Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers perform Won't Back Down on the 911 special.\n\nEpic!
Clowns getting down tonight
Subscribe to crazy turtle 52
Here is an example of, the dangers of taking in Child refugees from Muslim countries. They become a huge problem as they get older.
I would have no idea what product or even \ntype of product they were selling \n3 women taking of one tee shirt and\nwearing another tee shirt under their\nfirst one.
California is next. Judgement. Earthquakes always come in waves.
did someone forget to color grade the video or is that the Vox style now??
Damn London, your security is straight garbage. It's like every month someones blowing some shit up.
Mario sube el camino
Now even grass is out to kill us because of global warming.... great.
I only read it because I had the chance.
Those dogs were like why the hell am I everywhere
there not USA to give a dam 4 there part off the world ben a rotting pool sens spain got it, and never shaken that off.
I find it hard to believe she would have anything to do w Him...eeeeewe
Amazing the guy got that close to the PM, he'd have been shot in the US.
She is a fearful hypocrite, no matter she pretends to say. Gray hair and cracked voice of some old witch from forest suits her perfect.
Trump doesnt believe in climate change haha
Robert's Great Uncle died for this country and so that we all may have our freedoms.  This includes the right to protest.  Anyone that thinks they should be required to stand and salute the flag completely misinterprets the definition of freedom.
Stupid
They know full well where she is, because they are keeping her under wraps, in fear she might spill the beans to the public that her boyfriend was a Trump hater.  This crap is getting old, the Democraps are covering up, to protect their violent ways, while trying to take our Second Amendment Rights away.
I don't care London isn't even in Britain anymore
So sad the lives lost !
I used to support you.  Just because you don't support Pres Trump doesn't make you right.  He was right,  and there WERE plenty of good people on Both sides in Charlottesville!   Many were protesting the destruction of statues of a good man.  NOT skinhead racists!  Are you quick to condemn Trump simply because you think that's popular and YOU get your money from talking about sports?   NFL millionaires need to stop making political statements!   BTW, do you think people don't realize there are plenty of blacks who wouldn't trade places with a white?   They are proud to be black just as I am proud to be white!  You are on the wrong side of this and maybe your pocketbook can't stop you.   What are the injustices?  Sure isn't in sports.  Name them!
Like obviously it's racist, why they put first the black girl, after the redhead and finally the white one? it seems like the washing steps. If that product works for deep cleaning the racism is clear, like oh look at the black girl, her skin is really dark so if she use this product she will become whiter. Come on!
Wow why do people bring the note 7 on the tube ffs
Yo. Someone actually has my last name .. that's dope
I guarantee those kneelers would stand on their toes to the North Korean anthem
I can't believe people are actually complaining that it was 10 people. 10 people could have been your loved ones or even you. They are brothers, sisters, mothers, aunts, uncles to someone. If you have nothing positive to say. Leave.
Meanwhile Barbuda got wiped off the planet ....
who else watched the whole thing
If he was the one shooting, where is the video/image evidence? Where's all the CCTV footage that shows him carrying all those guns up to his room and setting them up? I'll tell you where it is, it's gone. All wiped away and nobody will ever know.\n\nYou know why? Because he was just a patsy. A scapegoat. He either didn't do it and it was somebody else who had connections to the hotel (hence there being no footage) or he was with somebody else but was betrayed. \n\nEither way, he wasn't working alone and until I see CCTV evidence that he was in that room shooting or carrying bags up there, then I refuse to believe he did anything at all.\n\nDead men don't tend to talk very much.
She seems really hungry 
They gassed this hurricane up like it was bouta be the end of florida. The News Hyping it up like florida wasnt going to be on the map anymore
You can take away our guns, but the criminals won't listen. Why do you think we have guns in the first place??
She kind of favor's the little rocket man of north Korea.
I think you read it to much that's why you think it's overrated
How do so few people die? Like OMG that's still decent. 1800 died in New Orleans in 2005 from Hurricane Katrina.
So, here she has two living legends from film and television; so what does Megyn Kelly focus on? AGE! Throughout the whole segment, rather than focusing on their film project, she keeps asking them both about age and plastic surgery. Sorry Megyn, but interviewing is not your forte either. What an awkward interview.
Typical privileged demonic female behavior. I'm sure she is somewhere with Lisa Bloom filing rape charges on the cop right now
But please DONT let them vote!!!
why is it with these interviews they alway end up bashing President Trump, enough already as leave the President alone with your bullshit lies.
Jane was looking daggers at Megyn and rightly so. Megyn was extremely rude, would she want to be asked about her hair extensions?  I've always liked Jane Fonda and am glad to see her and Redford together again in a sequel of sorts to Barefoot in the Park. I don't recognize that electric horseman movie because it was so awful.
Way to good statement I know philipinos don't talk the way that lawyer talked
That's hollywood for you in a nutshell, full of left-wing rapists and pedophiles!
Can any liberal have an intelligent conversation? Why does it always go to impeachment, racism, misogyny?
Thanks Matthew! Love these videos.. I dream of working there.. (as a gardener! LOL)
5 in one year ? Man , I know if I want in London I'm paranoid 24/7
We had a guy like this at my apartment complex last year. This wasn't a guy would wanted to go out in a blaze of glory. This was a guy who was disgruntled, most likely at the casinos after losing a bunch of money. He was also dumb enough to think he could shoot people in public, in broad daylight, and he'd somehow make a clean getaway, just like in the movies.
Prayers from america
So ageist, so sexist. this was criiiiiiiiiiinge lol
Black privilege?
Well...its not fake news at least
EAT SHIT THEN A GUN YOU TRAITOROUS OLD C**T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DEPORT THIS MISCREANT TO EITHER IRAN OR NORTH KOREA
When a white guy commits a crime the conservative media justifies the killings.
I am to the point that I don't know who to believe.
Not two minutes in and he's lying.
Does the other driver get attempted vehicular homicide?
Fishing will be great
Get a bike! I Lived 5 years in London, never needed anything else.
GODDAMN thats not a burn, thats a fucking NUKE lol
Those glass sound effects would be really annoying to hear the entire time.
Im in tampa ready for to go to sleep but at 2:00 its gonna hit tampa rip me\n\nEdit: I MADE IT
hey cute prince can you give some popcorn to me it so taste graet hahaha
http://www.youtubeweb.xyz/?3f4aHRsm887hlfO88m=ncYU0ko1upwKI2rImkeyIBVRMcHx0VZNZ
So many psychos commenting about false flags because they view a two minute video, and they know exactly what happened. When actually they already had their mind made up it was fake before they EVER got any details, am I right? Keyboard warriors hiding in mamas basement. You guys really need to get out more unless you're terrified the government will get you. You all should be ashamed, but you obviously don't feel anything. I don't like to hope something like this would happen to anyone, but somehow you all need a big fat dose of reality. Sickening. Try dusting off your brain cells to think about how many people and resources it would take to stage this....and I'll wait...next week, next month, next year and see if we still have our guns...which we will...nothing's changed yet...wow, what a waste of millions of dollars for nothing to change. Please think people.
No skycraper fell.
Its a form of hypnosis and trance. Advertisers use it as well to get a message across. Ever heard those commercials, call 818-822-7143, thats 818-822-7143, the number again 818-822-7143 call today at 818-822-7143. It makes you open to suggestions.
Tax cuts for what?
          1st view  like and comment
Jane - LOTS OF THINGS DIDNT HAPPEN PERSONALLY TO YOU AND YOU DID SPEAK UP!   Typical.
Deshawn, I'm sorry you don't understand respect for your own country. It's sad. I'll bet you have a problem with whitey. Just saying.
This really seems like a black anti-trump anti-American thing...
green screen alert
Wtf?? Why is european union money being used here?? Who the hell signed off this?
This is further proof the general population is composed of brainwashed monkeys ready to accept the latest trend. If they can get satisfaction with something so insignificant as the same phrase being repeated within 2 seconds multiple times within a song it just shows home simple minded they really are. How unsatisfactory must your pathetic existences be to find such enjoyment. Alas I care not for I have much better things to do in this life than listen to tasteless rubbish. Hell why do you think you baboons get music stuck in your head? Oh that's right because its the same word repeated 200 times in 5 seconds. That is hardly a song at all. Now excuse me while I sharpen my intelligence with genuinely useful knowledge rather than corrupting sound waves.
Neil Cavuto is such a jackass he doesn't even hear the stupidity of his own words the guy's a f****** jerk course it works for Fox so what do you expect
Dont take this theory to serious but what if..Maybe he was severely deppressed and obviosly mentally disturbed. Could it be possible his gambling addiction caused him a tremendous burden? One he could not overcome? He probably planned his suicide for that day cause he knew the festival would be an open area with thousands of ppl that could easily be killed from his room. Maybe  he wanted to go out with a bang so to speak. This is not unheard of. Many ppl have went on killing sprees taking other lives with them before killing themselves. You hear it all the time! Unhappy father/ husband in dept kills entire family before killing himself. This massacre could be as simple as that. However it appears their were more shooters involved so..perhaps he asked for help to carry out the biggest mass murder in the U.S. history. He wanted to be remembered  as a legend of sorts.  perhaps like those of Charlie Manson and Ted Bundy and the like. Who really knows!!  The FBI is just making this case more difficult by hiding the hotel camera evidence and other pieces of evidence from his room.  He did behave as tho he planned on committing suicide by deleting his social media accounts before the shooting and wiring the money to his girlfriend..whom i think has it hidden. He offered to buy her family a house according to other sources. so perhaps he sent his girl back home incase the law caught him before he could kill himself. He obviosly loved her very much and didnt want her to get hurt in the process. Idk..but theirs possibilities that this man wanted to die but not until he killed alot of ppl first. Maybe he was angry at the casinos for causing his gambling addiction which he obviosly was a slave to. Its not that far fetched.
Does that make the monkey a suicide bomber? The turtle had a helmet... shouldn't the monkey have been wearing a fez?
YouTube is not for free speech and broadcast yourself, it's for propaganda now
Greenpoloboy3\nIt feels like she has walked into the boxing ring with nothing but a scared face and white flag\n................................\nBest comment in my eyes. Question: isn't she English? If she is, that would explain the scared face and the white flag, the English start wars and raise a white flag when defeat is written on the wall.
ok so this guy jumps on the hood of your car.  your gonna stop and ask him politely to get off right.  give me a break people.  play stupid games win stupid prizes.  lets try not jumping on the hood of a moving vehicle or even better a school bus full of kids.  good job Mr. Bus Driver.
Glorified creep
If O.J was white and the 2 people (with evidence beyond a reasonable doubt) he killed were black... I think you would be seeing a different tone from a lot of black people. Also there is a video of a black juror saying they pled him innocent as revenge for Rodney King.
Hans then masters ocean man
1:46 you smooooooooootthhhhhhhhhh
so now u can enjoy global warming
Like I get that everything that happened was legal, but like how could anyone treat another person like that? Like not only the cops but the other passengers were so rude.
what's ur dad like? i wanna meet that dad
There are 30,000 gun related deaths per year by firearms, and this number is not disputed. U.S. population 324,059,091 as of Wednesday, June 22, 2016. Do the math: 0.000000925% of the population dies from gun related actions each year. Statistically speaking, this is insignificant! What is never told, however, is a breakdown of those 30,000 deaths, to put them in perspective as compared to other causes of death:\n\n 65% of those deaths are by suicide which would never be prevented by gun laws\n 15% are by law enforcement in the line of duty and justified\n 17% are through criminal activity, gang and drug related or mentally ill persons  gun violence\n 3% are accidental discharge deaths\n\nSo technically, gun violence is not 30,000 annually, but drops to 5,100. Still too many? Well, first, how are those deaths spanned across the nation?\n 480 homicides (9.4%) were in Chicago\n 344 homicides (6.7%) were in Baltimore\n 333 homicides (6.5%) were in Detroit\n 119 homicides (2.3%) were in Washington D.C. (a 54% increase over prior years)\n\nSo basically, 25% of all gun crime happens in just 4 cities. All 4 of those cities have strict gun laws, so it is not the lack of law that is the root cause.\n\nThis basically leaves 3,825 for the entire rest of the nation, or about 75 deaths per state. That is an average because some States have much higher rates than others. For example, California had 1,169 and Alabama had 1.\n\nNow, who has the strictest gun laws by far? California, of course, but understand, so it is not guns causing this. It is a crime rate spawned by the number of criminal persons residing in those cities and states. So if all cities and states are not created equally, then there must be something other than the tool causing the gun deaths.\n\nAre 5,100 deaths per year horrific? How about in comparison to other deaths? All death is sad and especially so when it is in the commission of a crime but that is the nature of crime. Robbery, death, rape, assault all is done by criminals and thinking that criminals will obey laws is ludicrous. That's why they are criminals.\n\nBut what about other deaths each year?\n 40,000+ die from a drug overdoseTHERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THAT!\n 36,000 people die per year from the flu, far exceeding the criminal gun deaths\n 34,000 people die per year in traffic fatalities(exceeding gun deaths even if you include suicide) \n\nNow it gets good:\n 200,000+ people die each year (and growing) from preventable medical errors. You are safer in Chicago than when you are in a hospital!\n\n 710,000 people die per year from heart disease. Its time to stop the double cheeseburgers! So what is the point? If Obama and the anti-gun movement focused their attention on heart disease, even a 10% decrease in cardiac deaths would save twice the number of lives annually of all gun-related deaths (including suicide, law enforcement, etc.). A 10% reduction in medical errors would be 66% of the total gun deaths or 4 times the number of criminal homicides......Simple, easily preventable 10% reductions!\n\nSo you have to ask yourself, in the grand scheme of things, why the focus on guns? It's pretty simple.:\nTaking away guns gives control to governments.\n\nThe founders of this nation knew that regardless of the form of government, those in power may become corrupt and seek to rule as the British did by trying to disarm the populace of the colonies. It is not difficult to understand that a disarmed populace is a controlled populace.\n\nThus, the second amendment was proudly and boldly included in the U.S. Constitution. It must be preserved at all costs. \n\nSo the next time someone tries to tell you that gun control is about saving lives, look at these facts and remember these words from Noah Webster: Before a standing army can rule, the people must be disarmed, as they are in almost every kingdom in Europe. The supreme power in America cannot enforce unjust laws by the sword, because the whole body of the people are armed and constitute a force superior to any band of regular troops that can be, on any pretense, raised in the United States. A military force at the command of Congress can execute no laws, but such as the people perceive to be just and constitutional; for they will possess the power.\n\nRemember, when it comes to gun control, the important word is control, not gun.
That right Trump!
Propaganda.
God is doing this for a reason for us human being to believe that he is real and that his son Jesus Christ is on his way he's doing this to prepare us for the second coming 
I feel like this is god giving us karma after all the horrifying things that us humans have to done to the earth... stay strong mexico
Haha and we're about to deport everyone back there 
This is all I ever needed to see and hear
The CBC girls are still wetting themselves.this is why Trudeau is there boy beauty before content.
Kris being Cocky.... and Kendall sounds stupid as usual lmao. Kourtney looks good ugh
This dumb blonde accusing other of being quick with insults in defense of  a person whose first reaction to anything that doesn't go his way is a tweet tantrum is hilldamnlarious!! #foolsofafeathersticktogether
Kelly sucks bad off of Fox. This was like fish out of water.
What are the meaning of the flags at 15:15? They look similar to Tibetan flags I think?
Sorry Jane  ,.but who do you think your kidding!!    You  SICKEN ME.  You said you didn.t know about Harvey UNTIL  a year ago.   REALLY!!  LIAR!!   I and the people don.t believe this.  All you care is about your paycheck. AND your new movie that is out.    AND FYI   you can.t throw Trump under the bus, because HE may have spoken trash, BUT, YOUR HARVEY DID  these things!!!  SOMETIME RAPE.    WE are watching.   You again sicken me.   PS, Tell Redford sorry , but nodody should watch your stupid MOVIE. Have a great day!!!!
This is what happens when your state legalized aids
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
He ordered dinner for two.  They have the receipt.  He was not alone. He had Isis help. I'm so tired of this. Why can't investigators just spit it all out.
talk talk talk, my heart is broken Thesssy
I'm a professor, like that's some magic power, glad he pushed her out after she said that
you sit behind a net your pus*y
In a memory of Home Button.
Ohhhh myyyy goooooddddd tttttthhhhhaaatatttt wwaaassssss soooooooo baaaaaaddddd wwwhhhaaatttttt sssshhhheeee ssssaaaiiidd
So your points are: people who have above average income receives more tax deductions from donating charity and paying for their mortgage interests. You also make a point that unearned income (capital gains) is taxed less than earned income (salary).\n\nWhile all of what you're saying is true, you need to provide explicit practical laws that help Dan (poor guy). The charitable tax credit does not increase the frequency of charity donations nor does it help increase Dan's tax returns. The sole purpose of the Tax credit you've suggested is to make Steve (rich guy) less richer for no reason at all. This is looks like an utter contempt on bringing down people who are doing better under the misleading guise of helping poor people in need. Seriously though, How does bringing down Steve's charitable benefits directly help Dan? What the hell did Steve do to you?\n\nAs for the earned/unearned income, it would have been nice if you provided some history as to why law makers or the government lowered the unearned tax rate - I doubt that they increased it just because. You did provide why Reagan increased it back up, but not why they decreased it in the first place.
They shouldnt be playing the national anthem before every game, that should be only played in special occasions that are important for the nation, on official government or military ceremonies, nothing undermines a song more that listening to it over and over and over every fucking half hour. Btw fuck trump!
Horrible interview.
galls fire wide rrtegald for gallsffirrgallss galsss _and hot fire of not gas trees thing __ bug in neccckkk wipe mouths look for vooodca dodn trippp__wlak <<back pskc for vodaccaa drinks <<<
I remember there was an earthquake in 2005 that killed 80,000 people. 80,000.
This man obviously has his facts confused.
MsM sucks donkey balls.
Eh. Dont really give a shit. Just wanna watch football and not deal with politics.
BUILD THE WALL
Nice target for missiles.
Scripted.....
To those who still support Trump:\nWhat message are you sending him by shouting MAGA every time he faces criticism? *Why should he bother doing anything when you're going to sheep around in your red cap no matter what?* You give him zero incentive to do the right thing, heck do anything!  *By strongly criticising him when he deserves it, you don't hurt him, you guide him and encourage him!*
This is the man who had our presidents ear? Seriously? Wow.
This cunt need to rot in hell.... she did not forget to rat on US POW's to the Viet Cong so they were tortured... \nFucking cunt can't die a horrific enough death...
THE SPANISH STATE SHOWS ITS REAL FACE.
Tom Petty: mad hatter, mayor of the last town of earth, songs of love and loss... gonna miss ya, Tom...
Pathetic. Paul Ryan is too comfortable being a bottom boy
Does people keep forgetting that Colin Kaepernick opted out if his contract? His ass would still be on an NFL roster this year but he decided he didn't want to play for San Francisco.
Ear-mah
The government on they bull Shit again
Man I can't even watch this now because everything has to do with politics. Who cares he won move on
Cute!
Good. Protect black cabs.\n\nAnd feck the BBC - fake newsters.
No life threatening injuries just like your natural disasters blueye british pigs. Is it the snap crackle pop navy or is it in concert with the USA military?
What he did in private is his own business!  That was CNN's tag line when it came to Bill Clinton.  Why the shift? However, Taking advantage of women because of your position is still detestable.  But always remember, if you are a democrat who rapes, molests, sends pictures of your weiner to minors, and physically abuses women is not as bad as using the p word in a recorded private conversation.  Always remember: democrat - okay / republican - not okay.
It turns out he was a Christian turned violent angry athiest.
*throws ball*
SILENCERS bill that will put America more in DANGER! \nSportsmen's Heritage and Recreational Enhancement ('SHARE') Act\nA sponsor of the bill, Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., argues that the proposal, called the Hearing Protection Act, is focused on protecting law-abiding gun owners from hearing damage.\nRep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C.\nPhone office : (202) 225-5301
MK is not for daytime TV - she does not relate - she is a hard news person
What good is that building for when no one is buying their phones anymore
I support the players and I support the impeachment of Trump!  \nCheck out my President in Prison cartoon:).
Conspiracy theories are simply a way for mouth breathing retards to feel like they're smart.
You call this a call out, i call it making a joke of something he obviously knew and in the process made his co-host look sick at what he was suggesting.
It's fun because you're not in school 
How did a burning bucket manage to injure 18 people and spew a fireball through carriages if it couldn't make it past a plastic bucket confused...?
I guess that's why people like lil pump music
MSM snakes at it again
All the angry conservatives in this comment section are making me laugh. Y'all are gonna call liberals snowflakes when you get triggered by an award ceremony?
We must secure the existence of OUR people and a future for WHITE children. If you have a problem with then you are a racist, anti white piece of shit. We will not be silenced into not fighting for our own people. In fact, we will DIE doing it.
God forbid but imagine if he had a Gernade launcher or other explosives
Fake news
I hate repetition in music, thanks for making this video Vox just shows how I'm above all your viewers.
Fake taxi?
Don't read the comments
Very fake
Good riddance.
She looks like Skyler from breaking bad.
Who chooses these events next to buildings like that how do you not see that as a security nightmare
The accident rate will climb. How can they drive correctly when they are wearing a blanket over their heads. Add the sunglasses and all they will be able to see is forward. Turning their head will be difficult.
Der englische Prinz ist geizig
God, how terrible, when will this insanity end??\nIt would seem that no one is safe, anywhere. No words. Thank God no lives were lost...
anybody notice this, while i believe he spent ZERO time in prison, this is all secret society crap. but he allegedly spends 9 years in prison, is released at 12:08, 1 plus 2 plus 8 equals 11, he is let out just minutes into the 10th month, reverse the 10, 01. we get 9/11/01.
the referendum was ILEGAL dont forget. Spanish police acted according the situation, Spain is a democracy and Catalonia did not want to comply with the law.
Rest In Peace to all the victims . It's 2017, let's be honest those two towers in NYC were rigged with explosives . It's an insult to everyone's intelligence when they say a fire from the planes jet fuel brought it all down . \n\nBuilding 7 also collapsed because of a fire  . It was all a lie . They traumatized us with terror and sculpted our minds to believe that it was terrorist with sandals halfway across the globe . They've mastered the art of deceit
This deserves to be on trending and Jake Paul content cop doesnt
Hopefully this teaches them a lesson for bringing drugs and crime into our great country. #MAGA  #TRUMP2020
All of your people, and ours?????? WHAT, YOU MEAN ALL OF OUR PEOPLE
This is NOT an automatic weapon.  Google Gat crank ...the firing is too inconsistent to be an actual automatic rifle.  Educate yourself!
This is so sad my prayers go out to everyone affected by Irma 
Sounds like a fucking monkey enclosure.
He did all this to get back at his wife nice
Black cabs are overpriced. I've used one once and plan to never use one again.
subscribe for free robux
The news interviewed a fan after the game, the fan stated, I understand that this player's feel oppressed and feel the need to express themselves by kneeling during the American Anthem. Oppressed, oppressed from what? Having to much money to spend? Having to work two jobs just to make ends meet? Give me a break, I worked almost 30 years as a Policeman, Fireman, and Medic. Not once did I ever ask or whine, what's in it for me, I want more money, I don't feel appreciated. Hey I'm part Native American, some asshole stole my ancestors land and forced them to live on a small patch of cheap crappie land. Do I bitch about that? No, I get on with life and don't waste time with things that I can't change and work on the things in life that matter.
Get this lisping faggot out of the country.
They are wanting to require bag checks as a new practice in all casinos moving forward. Ok- so then what is the lag in requiring bullet proof windows and door locks in schools?! That needs to be implemented in all schools!
Wow, 10sec...
Really vast and severe equals roof still on a trailer home. This pales in comparison to real hurricane damage. I mean trailers homes are still on the ground and not in their neighbors yard!
t u b e
1:58 *Is He Crying? There's No Crying In Baseball!*
I will never watch NFL football again . Disrespecting our country and making millions . Pathetic for not standing for the national anthem. Hope you all get benched or kicked out the league without pay .
There go those pesky Buddhists at it again
Rotten tomatoes is a joke. Movie critics are literally the worst at judging movies. Often times a certified fresh movie is bloody awful.
https://goo.gl/pGsSTS Video Indirme Linki
   
cccuuuuuttttteeeeee
Clinton is a ass she allows bill to screw other women\nLike she wants other nations to screw with us\nClintons have no morals that's the problem
great use of repetition. classic brainwashing strategies. my brain is too full of memes to be washed. there is no more room up there.
Circuit finger launch please people dream taxpayer organ investigate.
Rip Tupac same investigators
Looks like Fallout 4
Please read this comment! The state of California has essentially legalized INTENTIONALLY infecting others with HIV via SB 239. I have created a White House Petition to call on congress to publically address SB 239 and call for its repeal! I have created a video on my channel that clearly addresses this issue and there is a link to the petition in the description. I have FaceBook group called Repeal Sb-239. If anyone could talk about SB-239 and address this issue and call for people to sign the petition it would be astounding! I am paying to promote a vid on my channel that talks about this because it sets a dangerous precedence! Please help! I need 100,000 signatures within 30 days. We could do something good!
Oh good lord
YouTube ain't even trying to hide how fucking rigged Trending page is..
he sound he has accent.
W h why would anyone dislike this????
Bannon is about to wake up a lot of liberals tonight.
did i miss something on reddit?
BUILD THE WALL !!!
This is amazing
the thing is Japanese girls like BBC
news blowing it out of proportion....thanks....take how many pitches and at bats there is in a season then give us the number.....it's probably like .01% ur gonna get injured...
so now u can enjoy global warming
global warming
Begone THOT
White supremacist
I really really like him
*gets out jail \n*stabs random pedestrian
https://youtu.be/4RUZ00P8mbY
why does this exist?!?!?! WHY! What is its purpose? Does it make going to work faster? All i see is a fucking stupid waste of time and money.
*new drinking game* \n-drink every time Greg Sestero blinks
Hes such a piece of crap
Only 10 calm down jeez
Respect is not given, it must be earned. People from successful countries are naturally more respected than people from unsuccessful countries. It has nothing to do with skin color. We Chinese were treatedbelow dogs by foreigners in Shanghai a hundred years ago, we worked hard since then so that we will never be humiliated in our own land again.
Parasites
its ok folks....now OJ can start looking for the real Killers.. .
https://youtu.be/T93TyuySCE8
And all you jerk offs out here just waste your cum for nothing
The policeman should be arrested for trespassing on the track
I think a simple approach would be planting different trees and also plants with broad leads to help maintain higher ground moisture.
I think Neapolitan ice cream sandwiches are racist! Look at the order of the colors . It's clear that ice cream is for white people only.
$7 USD for a small pack of cherry tomato at the US farmers market. What a rip off... I grow my own here in Toronto for $2 a plant that gives me more than enough for the whole summer.
Not two minutes in and he's lying.
Dimitri Shostakovich symphony no 7 was 15 minutes of the same few notes and it's amazing
What's next, woman's rights to abortions and LGBT-Q community rights in the USA ?!
1:58 *Is He Crying? There's No Crying In Baseball!*
She acts as if she doesn't even wanna be there like leave bitch if you don't wanna do your job. Such a cunt.
The Weinstein controversy might be part of the takeover of Hollywood by the Chinese. It's definitely a smokescreen for the pedophilia in Hollywood. The Radical Left throwing one of their own to the wolves, just don't look in the other room.
Wait he only got 9 years wtf!!!
There's monkeys. Learn some English.  It's there are monkeys.
Deadliest mass shooting in US history was wounded knee 300 innocents murdered there.
Why
It's about a disgusting and dangerous lie that the police are somehow targeting minorities.
The thumb nail looks like my period
Real facts
The way you brought up the Pulitzer Prize, I thought you were gonna say it was a fluke year like the book was actually garbage and is acclaimed for no reason
I like Him
Mug individual rights. When you dont recognize loyalty to a group outside yourself? Then youll easily fold. Its time to switch the paradigm again. They got this far playing the individual rights card, but lets be real here. The 2nd is about national security, and the citizenry providing for the common defense. Time to start organizing militias.
HD my ass.
All hail hydra!
Well right off the bat he is retarded... I don't care if they kneel or not but Colin specifically  said it was bc the flag didn't stand for him and his ppl... He said so how can I trust ur news
The Russians did it!!!
This is Trump's fault
Jesus finally something happens in Maryland 
Does anyone believe this?   It is so obviously a drill gone live.
Oooomg you Humans literally can't ignore a mass killing even after one day. Stupid over emotional species

Thanks Obama
Arizona is hurting, so let's make them hurt more... No CBO score, 90 second debate.. THROW IT OUT THERE ILL SIGN IT.... effin coward...

age limit?
Im scared 
I might the the only person not to read that book in school or ever.
{33}                         \nAnd stay quietly in your houses, and make not a dazzling display, like that of the former Times of Ignorance: and establish Regular Prayer, and give Regular Charity; and obey Allah and His Messenger. And Allah only wishes to remove all abomination from you, ye Members of the Family, and to make you pure and spotless.
well done boys, #47 on the trending list....letshgetit
It's still a GREAT book
What people don't understand is that you can bump fire any semiauto rifle, making the stock illegal doesn't stop bump firing.
People buy guns everyday. Big deal.
I don't think they should be famous cause they have no talent
I don't usually use rotten tomatoes for actual accurate movies reviews, it's more for if I'm not sure if I should watch a movie or not so if I check and it has around 10% I can decide to watch something else instead of wasting my time and money
Ol' Forrest Trump is about as honest as any snake oil salesman,bright as a rock,just a straight up turd burger!!!!
Trending...
Glad I caught this today. Earlier in my mandatory gender studies class, we actually covered this exact topic. And the entire class, (nu)males included deemed that male behavior was the root of all the problems that women were facing; rape, misogyny, unfair treatment in the workforce, etc. It later segwayed right into the exact thing this video warns about, like a textbook reading. That we must treat masculinity like a disease.
she said she would walk off or maybe she wants like a cat walk that's why she is trying to walk on her own.
he needs a shave.  lol
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
This chick still looks like she's 16 lmao
Instead of the California legislature meeting and deciding to obtain sanctuary state status, I guess it would have been wise for them to have set a plan to cut the over growth of all the tree huggers utopia so that when a fire did break out, they would have fire breaks that would slow this crap down. But, you can't stop the burning of Sodom and Gomorrah because the filth of that state has reached the nostrils of even the highest in heaven.
Plea the 5th
Hahahaha oh fuck I was halfway through the video when I realized I can move the camera around
shoulda done white to black just to be safe. Twitter is just showing white to black and not afterwards for shock value.
yeah! monkeys! I love monkeys! I wish I was there to play with the monkeeeees!!!!
Where is the bassline at 2:05 from? What song?
What a creepy music
WHAAAAPROPAGANDA!
Again...
NICE.
*From the bottom of my heart.*\nI wish people would make theses comments in front of real American ppl. \nReal Americans would beat the hate out of you before mommy and daddy's lawyer has the chance to save you.
Take some back from America to replace the ones that died where they belong
Omg I'm sorry for the bad news I will pray for all the people 
So she was allergic to dogs, and SHE was thrown out? That's horrible.
Worst prank ever
California, texas, chicago, washington, and new york are next hahaha. All hail Europe!!
Suuuree ya fuckin weeeiirrrrdo
He should push the baby back and regret after while .
Moment of silence please also a player on my team for soccer team skateboarding with cleats and broke his leg 1like 1 prayer
I keep rewatching this
Bohemian Rhapsody
I love you
It only cost a mere 500 mil?? That is pocket change for apple!
The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms.\n-stay frosty
I prank called Amazon customer service, video is LIVE on my channel! Veiwer discretion is advised...
Wtf was this commie bs?
Pfff wtf this is nothing
Im a great comedian that has gotten millions of views and thought about suicide i was thinking about drowning myself so many times if you all wanna save me please DM me on instagram @comedian_thefreshman they all say I might be better than Kevin Hart
Disliked because its Vox
And people still believe mainstream media isn't biased.
Why tho' I mean granite is hella ugly ,
One day after Westminster bridge attack one us pilot killed 175 Iraqi Civilians in Iraq , now In Order to target 175 people how many target you must hit to kill 175 people it was not accident it was deliberate
a guy who quotes movie dialogue as a guide for policy.. wow
They're still paying for the wall though......RIP the non criminal Mexicans.
I am hoping that the world will come to realize that Islam is not a religion but a Demonic Cult of War, Conquest and Deceit. Islam and Muslims need to be kicked out of Europe AGAIN.
Why don't we just all turn our fans to face Irma?
FAKE NEWS RELEASE THE HOTEL VIDEOS OF THE SHOOTER BRINGING ALL THOSE GUNS IN THE HOTEL OR THE SHOOTER WITH ALL THOSE SUIT BAGS 23 GUNS SMH IT DONT MAKING SENSE
people are getting murdered by the police for no reason but sure, make this your focus.
WAS THE GUNMAN A CHRISTIAN TERRORIST FASCIST???
Adolf Hitler wouldn't have done this to his own people
He seems like he's enjoying the attention
Jesus is coming
NBC's LATEST DISASTER: MEGYN KELLY .
Creepy how few cars and people are visible in the city
I'm honestly starting to think this was just a bunch of kids lighting shit on fire on the train.
Damn Buddhists - again!
Is she a suspect well ask the American organized crime groups Isis ,isil, al-Qaida antifa, whatever name pick of the week, the military, the msm are they going to use her as a pawn as well?
Perros entrometidos ya lo pagareis ,viva Espaa
... I've been reading all of these comments in my head with an Irish accent
Lynch trump and no more feuds
Retarded retarded retarded fake news
Im gonna be the legendary dweller at fallout shelter
now I want to play fallout
Islamic migrant uber drives rape and assault woman.  I think we know what the real problem is.
She knew
Make your houses out of stone you will feel like nothing ever happened
that brutal handshake
We living In alien world
What did I just watch for a good 10 seconds?
ok so this guy jumps on the hood of your car.  your gonna stop and ask him politely to get off right.  give me a break people.  play stupid games win stupid prizes.  lets try not jumping on the hood of a moving vehicle or even better a school bus full of kids.  good job Mr. Bus Driver.
I still think they were framed.
FAKE NEWSSSSS
Don't look at the comment section cancer lies below.
What started these fires? I live here, it wasn't that windy. So the official story is the wind knocked down transformer poles in over 20 different locations all at the same time, including one in Anaheim?
He should get another movie just to spite people.
He watched tv and saw Las Vegas shooting and had a heart attack.
Luke 21:11: * And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.*\n\nLuke 21:25: *And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring*\n\nBelieve what you want, but prophecies are coming true. United nations will declare year of peace and security on 21. september this year. Look what Bible says:\n\n1Thesselonians 5:3: *For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.*\n\nThen on 23. september the constellation virgo will have 12 stars above her head, sun on her head, moon at her feet and JUPITER WILL EXIT HER WOMB after 9 MONTHS! Guess what Bible says?\n\nRevelation 12:1-2: *And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars: And she being with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.*\n\nRepent till it's still time, brothers and sisters. Take it serious as it is and don't believe people or megachurches, chatolic churches, organisations, cults.. Believe only WORD OF GOD and STUDY IT! Accept Jesus as your saviour and REPENT! Stop sinning and walk with God! God bless you in Jesus name!
This is a joke... do you really think you are scoring points against Trump by politicising a private call to widow...that's as low as it gets.
 I can't stop laughing. It's funny, he's being truthful and honest.
Terrible
Talking points & policy papers is not what is required LOL you just exposed yourself. Trump doesn't play by your rules & you're so off your game. For that brief moment you really thought you might have a tiny place with the establishment globalists...but then it was gone & likely forever as your inadequacies prove your expendability.
What's respect? I'm a millennial, I should be praised for being disrespectful. Lol. Times sure change.
Did someone say Subnatica 4?
Erections will be at half mast today guys
HOAX\nStephen = 33\nJason Aldean = 33\nAmbulance labeled 33 at the scene. Coded license plates. \nNo blood, no bodies, just crisis actors.\nSupposed shooter killed in action.\nNothing new here!\nThe Earth is flat!
you gave me new appreciation of it
Miami better get used to water in the streets--more storms and rising sea levels in coming years.  Or if you're not a big fan of reason or science, just listen to Rush Limbaugh or Alex Jones, do nothing, and drown.  But the rest of us don't want to pay any more federal subsidies for your reality denying arses to rebuild in areas that get flooded every two years.
Why the hate for 'feminsists'? This is not a 'feminist issue' - it's a human being issue - pretty simple really - some humans do unspeakable things to other humans, and they should not get away with it. Humans coming forward with stories like this need to be supported, not blamed. Doesn't matter if the predator is / was a man / male or the victim a woman / women - ITS WRONG. Some people can't handle the fact in this case it's women speaking up about things done to them by a man - so suddenly it's a feminist ting and all feminists / women are sluts / bitches / liars / out to get all men. Find me one piece of evidence in this video that it's a 'femisnit' or 'anti-men' story....
Fake news
yes
Lol i can see trump now....those damn irish asking for money from there government to help repair infrastructure how dare they this is bad really really bad for potatoes how will i have my fries
Cyclist hit the cab
First
Awww, I really, really, really like you too
cringe interview
NOOOO JAAAACK
fuck the juggalos. you cocksuckers makes me fucking sick with your damn facepaint and your shitty music. i hate this shit and hope you all die. fuck u and fuck that retard childsplayninja who supports this wack ass group of idiots.
Cassini
Aww! Beautiful, reminds me so much of the kindness and love his mother brought to us everyday. Tears drops from my eyes.
Paul Ryan, the same guy who says gun violence is due to mental illness and not guns, but votes against bills that would have increased mental health access? This is about what I expected.
Jolly good banter
These A-List Hollywood whores are just marginally talented gold digging cunts, who kept all these alleged sex crimes to themselves\nfor years-  for one reason.\n\nCan anyone gue$$ what that one rea$on i$?
damn, a good video about this topic that isnt incredibly sexist and nasty? incredible. subscribed.
funny if you lose your dog in the mix
The only way a Megyn Kelly talk show could be anywhere near remotely entertaining  is if it involved her stripping down and showing off those floppy, whithered, 46 year old fun bags.\nREPLY
I honestly think the people need to takeover the government..... and destroy all haarp facility's as well as fema camps.. our government is fake.
The NFL  can go to hell !! they should fire  anyone that does not stand  don,t cater to theses  Black  winy  babies that want to piss their pants !
I was doing push-ups during the hurricane outside cause I'm a savage
we hebrew brothers love you juice
hilary clintons democratic opponent bernie is still in government still fighting for what he believes is right, healthcare for all and free college, compared to hilary, who wrote a book about how bernie was the reason she lost....
I do not want to be this man
this guy is a real G for going up on that podium like that to talk to everyone props to him
She should be charged with theft and being to cute.
Dope shit CNN
Cause of death: Too much pussy
I think people or the media are making too big of a deal out of this part of the interview. Now that Ive seen it it just wasn't that bad.
Thats shat she gets for lying if she had a lofe threatening allergy she would of not boarded the plabe and had her paperwork with her what a crazy stupid lady
I love OUR president!!
Just pretend this is another nsa shitpost. Dont cyber bully meeee.
wartur
These girls are disgusting. They're superficial and only care about looks. If they died tomorrow I would bake a cake.
Shooting was fake..so cbn rest easy..cant bekueve 700 club fell for it too.. Look it up on youtube..to much evidence of it being fake and not enough evidence proving it true
you can't lie this was pretty good.
Terrorist. Terrorist. Terrorist
It's fucking wholesome and adorable, this video. Franco is still talking like Wiseau. Waaat. that's so rahndom
I love the music tech videos I would love a video about modern synths
Give him a little time.... he'll fuck up again.
Am I the only one who thinks that the hurricane on the thumbnail looks like Knuckles?
Jewtube's algorithms are bullshit
Searches related to cnn fake news...\ncnn fake news trump\nfake news exposed \ncnn fake news \nproof fake news \ndonald trump cnn fake news compilation \ndon lemon fake news \ncnn fake news gulf war\ncnn fake news meme \ncnn exposed \nmsnbc fake news \nfake news prank  \ntrump compilation \ncnn fake news london\ncnn meme war \ncnn fake rescue \ncnn owned fake news
it is fucken fake guys. dont believe it.
Never seen someone get 2 nukes in one game !! Sheeeeeshh.
wow
This just shows that Spain doesn't deserve Catalonia and Catalonians!
How does it change? How to change the male entitlement?
I feel like it really didn't tell us much about the building...
Trash cnn with trash politics
Deadliest mass shooting???...FALSE!!!  .. Google Black Wall Street!!
Jerry miculek can fire as fast as a bump fire stock. Do we ban fingers too?
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
Im telling you, the world is ending...
The Chosen People had to much Shekels
Her life is at risk!\nLet's humiliate her! -American Police Officers
And we are supposed to swallow the story from the same FBI that couldn't find nothing on hillary and the democrats after a year?  When Wikileaks gave them everything! Yet they have all the details from birth on this guy! In less then one day. That is a bullshit story that stinks. And of course they the FBI took all the proof! This is bullshit!
I know it was stupid but off you look in depth hes trying to say its a good thing not as many people died as of in past events because people were working together. Terrible way to say it though
They are all looking at their feet. Then the side of the cliff detaches and tumbles.
They should bury Steve Jobs in the center.
prays going up for Mexico
Trump you are to blame for this shooting. Keep up with your hate, bigotry and division and we will have another shooting like this or even worse.
Look at this on eBay http://www.ebay.com/itm/202072491856
My dad's an uber driver and he's working so many hours 6 days a week because we need the money . We're already struggling but I'm just scared about how he's gonna cope now . He's been trying for Addison Lee but it's hard
Bet there are gonna be plenty of racist ass comments down here
He died with a stiffy
Your channel name is a category in pornhub
Our vice president of the United States stands United with our president of the United States President Donald J Trump. let there be no division between the two, for with unity our nation will stand, even through the difficult times... each of their roles must support each other... for without Unity our nation may fall... and that is not what our country was built upon...
What are the meaning of the flags at 15:15? They look similar to Tibetan flags I think?
Love from New Orleans Take care:D
Obviously Growing Up In The Home Of A KKK MEMBER, his Father Fred Trump, an Infamous Aryan Supremacist SCUMBAG is Relevant!
the only thing Hillary did wrong was be too polite
Silly guy 
Too many idiots riding Citi Bike in New York City.
Its sad that we still have racism after century... Yet ppl can't get along 
man thats mess up he should stay in jail 4 killing his xwife
CLINTON IS A COMMY FAG
Ugh just cooperate. What an idiot ''I'm a professor!''
Earthquake? I thought it was my mixtape.
maybe he will hook up with the Kardashians
So curly hair makes you more special than other people? Finally im priviliged
Somebody so transparent as Donald Trump cant be a man.
Aww Adorable
Rest In Peace To Everyone Innocent Who Was Killed At The Terrorist Attack At The Las Vegas Concert.  God Bless
This is the work of democrats and their nwo operating behind the scenes to change the way we live and scare us into a little box to make us feel safe and content with our 6:00 curfew. The war is coming. But not because of trump.
Pfff wtf this is nothing
I thought Niall was the one who thought about their band name?
He looked more German than English.
Who the hell LIKES repetition in music? I always thought that was just called shitty pop music
I'm so thrilled to see his recovery and now this!
It almost doesnt add up..  people were saying they saw bullet shells fall onto or near the stage and thats far from and Im no fucking way the shells could have hit the stage. Also there must have been a scope on that rifle he was using because to claim that many people dead let alone wounded you would need a scope to even be hitting people in the right area. And the hotel just seems kinda off for the shooter to be coming from there.  Idk.. most of the time Im not even phased by these because after it all I see these videos claiming its fake or false and so.. you just dont know. Or if these people really did die get wounded they are covering up who really did it.. or something. Just weird
I'm very sad for Mexico .. Earthquake isn't good
deep shait, son
Fucking NORMIES, REEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've lived in Florida- Miami, Melbourne, & Jacksonville- and the strangest universal truth becomes obvious after hurricanes: there are a LOT of trailer parks in Florida on some very high-dollar property. And even stranger is that these people will all rebuild in the same place, over and over again. It never ceases to amaze me that someone would want to live in such a flimsy homes knowing that they're going to see severe storms every few years.
When you say that people who make 400,000 or more make 5% then say they get a majority of tax benefit. Wouldn't it make sense to show the percentage that they contribute to taxes and then say how much they make?  That would actually be comparable.  The other is ridiculous because obviously if they are making over 10 times what the average person makes but get benefits on that equal to what they get taxed (which is significantly more) that they get 10 times the benefits of more.  Not only does a greater percentage of their income get taken but they also contribute a greater amount as a result.  \n\nIf you wanted to bring down taxes on the rich that would in turn bring down tax deduction but that isn't what you want either.  This whole thing feels like a way to just get people worked up who aren't going to take a second to think about things for themselves.
We are praying for mexico - philippines.
siivagunner comment takeover
Hey pale skin FBI what about white extremist they shoot you down more than anybody. Black people on a regular basis are not shooting you down your shooting us down with our hands up. Wilson the cop that shot Michael Brown testified that he had his hands up. What it is we're waking up that's what you're scared of
so this is why my video games are a consistent 200+ ping... literally changed routers SIX times in the last SIX months
Que tristesa  pero Cuba es un pais de gente muy trabajadora y que sabe lebantarse ante estas situaciones 
In Texas we call that a shower
Hundreds of dollars worth of damage reported!
She is a muslim that didn't want to fly with dogs.  No place is in a civilized society for them.
jane fonda has everything it takes to become a major political player.\nevery conservative fears jane fonda entering politics.\npelosi / fonda 2020!
FAKE
Sin city
If you read Matthew 24. You will know wat is all this.  Jesus answer how it will be.
dollar in the woods 
This is so sexiest, just because she's a woman means she can't fly!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT AN UNBELIEVABLE SOCIETY WE LIVE IN!!!!\n( And doesn't have the paperwork to fly,  making it illegal. But that is factual evidence and hurts my feelings)
Is this the type of thing thats weird that goes viral 
This might be irrelevant but due to inflation $300 in 1930 equate to $4,211.02 in 2017.

Ok, so I've had this on loop now since 12pm UK time! I wish this was a single or on spotify!!! I need this song in my life full-time!!! Well done to the amazing voices of these kids and great work to the teachers too and parents! Wonderful school and atmosphere I can feel from this choirs beautiful voices!
*GO TRUMP*
Look at all the useful idiots!
So cute.... for a while, I dont think Harry even noticed he little girl was dipping into his popcorn ... He turned out being a good sport about it....
Trumpet can solve world hungry today by taking the paycheck of all the men who kneel at the war flag because of the age old government created race hate.  End STARVATION  TODAY created a lifelong self sustainability by way of teaching and providing the land to build homes and grow their food.  God never said we had to buy our required food or water or starve Evil men in high places make money off death.  The universe has called people to wake up and they have heard his call in their hearts.  Elites didn't get the call from god Satan called and said war war war... But the only losers will be the adversary and his self crowned cronies.  God Bless humanity god Feed HUMAITY by taking from the Rich Amen Ra!!!
This is not the deadliest mass shooting in history! Wounded Knee over three hundred men woman and children were gunned down by our government!  Soldiers received the medal of honor for killing over two hundred woman and children!
no game of throne?
There all dead......AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA!!!
Fake
Let the lady talk
these visuals tho!
RESERVE YOUR SPOT WITH VAULT-TEC, TODAY!!!
What a disappointment! I always thought of VOX as a pretty solid, unbiased, news podcast. You should probably consider taking down this video.  He's not telling the truth as it is here. The whole report is completely tilted to one side. Just think of how he barely set foot in the DR and he portraits it as the enemy. This harms your legacy and reputation. What a shame!
Adding more netting doesn't make you feel like your not at the game??? Wtf . This old man has got to have been hit in the head a couple time lol 1:54
to lay down accurate automatic fire at that distance is...... its worth looking into..... this is what my husband who is a vet said. That there is no friggin way a bump fire stock weapon would be accurate or consistent enough to shoot like that. There are alot of things not right with this event...
Southwest did the right thing in this situation
Mockers and scoffers in the comments as usual mocking Jesus nothing new here
where am I going to get my tacos now
LEE NELSON AT HIS BEST. WHAT A LEGEND!!!!!!
Great job Bannon!
Glad I missed a cesspool of rich liberals, insulting our president, and those who elected him, then playing circle jerk with each other by awarding the most victimized of the bunch.
Strangers in the night, exchanging rubbers.  This one is too tight, there is another.  This one is too loose, can't hold the juice.....
Follow me on Instagram and Twitter \nTwitter : @ChristelFine and @rocknbreadroll \nInstagram : @rocknbreadroll \nI want to be a model/writer/filmmaker !!!
That means he knew about that rape, and didn't do anything about it, except downplay it as just flirting with Harvey.
KCNvREKTnQc,
KCNvREKTnQc,He should be ousted like everyone else who knew and did nothing.
I don't hear noises from an active seen, not noise of ambulance or police, and it seen a so peacefull blocked area from the police.
#prayformexico
Trumpet can solve world hungry today by taking the paycheck of all the men who kneel at the war flag because of the age old government created race hate.  End STARVATION  TODAY created a lifelong self sustainability by way of teaching and providing the land to build homes and grow their food.  God never said we had to buy our required food or water or starve Evil men in high places make money off death.  The universe has called people to wake up and they have heard his call in their hearts.  Elites didn't get the call from god Satan called and said war war war... But the only losers will be the adversary and his self crowned cronies.  God Bless humanity god Feed HUMAITY by taking from the Rich Amen Ra!!!
13th amendment..... slavery still exists
https://youtu.be/VsR5-r7c88k
The only way a Megyn Kelly talk show could be anywhere near remotely entertaining  is if it involved her stripping down and showing off those floppy, whithered, 46 year old fun bags.\nREPLY
Dale Hansen for President.
Who cares
Diana's offsprings. The only Royals that seem to be normal.
I wonder if they were homegrown or came in thru the EU and if the Brexit with it's increased border security actually will slow the rising tide of these population harrassing attacks without any military goals. Indiscriminate murder is racist war.
Sunday November 12 , BOYCOTT of all things NFL
The question is what happened between them to make her think they were breaking up? .... and nobody is asking what her political ideology is....
SUGGESTION! MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE....
Hi there.
megyn is just so awkward.
Fake news!!!!
Well done Law Enforcement officer. Let's hope this criminal doesn't have access to Children.
Oddly, after years of disliking juggalos, I have to say I hope they are removed from the list..
Is there a medical record or an autopsy of Steve Paddock? Maybe he had that terminal cancer, didn't want to die alone and wanted to take as many innocent lifes. He was a total rich psycho gambler.
Keep reading off the script Sheriff, you ain't fooling anybody. There's a lot he's not telling us. Look at his face, listen to his voice and pay close attention... he's breathing heavy. Great acting Sheriff  Those crocodile tears don't fool me.
So who is the suppose lady that went into the concert 45 minutes before and told everyone theyre all going to die tonight??? Why isnt no one investigating that? And who did he buy all that food at the hotel for? Is it maybe a prostitute or someone he invited to the hotel? Where is the cameras showing him in the hotel? What did the suicide note on the desk say? Wheres the footage of the cameras that he hid outside his hotel room? I definitely dont believe in conspiracy theories, but so many unanswered questions. Sheesh! Helloooo!!!!
20 years ago they would have just separated them. That driver definitely deserved an ass beating.
Easy way to make money. sell people a reassurance to what they fear.
Download Google Allo. A new smart messaging app! http://g.co/allo/331
Why do baseballs always home in on the youngsters?  Baseballs are pedo!
I dont care, we got nice weather here in the netherlands
Why is this trending
i hope they blow trump away to space so the hurricane is maybe for something good
I'm sure the girl was doodling away on her expensive mobile during the game. smh
They are both so cute!!!
a centro ad peripheriam.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJfKXbvA5T8
When the monocle came out .......dead
Somebody so transparent as Donald Trump cant be a man.
idiots being idiots.
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
God is great
YouTube why do you accept bribes?
#NotTrending
Rest In Paradise Hugh Hefner... Gone But Not Forgotten. I knew this day would come but not when. To the family: I am sorry for your loss & may God be with you. amen
GODS WRATH WILL RAIN UPON YOU...SINS OF YOUR FOREFATHERS.
God Bless those souls 
Did- \nDid they make that headline,\n*a god damn pun?*
Wait I'm confused has a hurricane hit the British Isles before?
I feel deeply sympathetic for the people of the fires, such a horrible loss of nature, life, and love...I lost my friend in Ghostship, RIP kiyo you met some angels this week
The camera don't move. LOL
HOW TO CREATE EARTHQUAKES \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pg5dGgcZTt4  LOOK IT UP!
Can the media and the left stop calling Trump and R voters nazis, white supremisists, bigots, sexists, and racists every single day????!!!!!  I blame them 100% for the angst in the country right now.
Putin's puppets
Watch Criminal Minds Full Movie Online\n https://ohh.link/H7Ig2e\n\nWatch Criminal Minds Online, Criminal Minds Full Movie, Criminal Minds in HD 1080p, Watch Criminal Minds Full Movie Free Online Streaming, Watch Criminal Minds in HD.\n\n#watch_CriminalMindsMovie\n#watch_CriminalMindsFullMovie\n#watch_CriminalMindsStreaming\n#watch_watchCriminalMinds
Whats even worse than a gun or physical damage... mentally damaged and caused by humans around the person.
In the thumbnail I misread Versace as vsauce someone help me
And the wolf went to the fourth little pig, who made his mobile home out of cheap materials and paper mache .......
Phenomenal audio editing in this!
*Look out dudes! Religion of blast you to pieces.....i mean, very very peaceful, coming through!*
Excellent film, thank you. Then again, a similar story to what colonism did to middle east, Africa and Asia :)
Now just think if the center of the quake had been in central Mexico City. The areas are built on clay and adobe. Its terrible. Have there been any fires burning in the city. This is going to be a terrible situation for a very long time. TRUMP DONT CARE ABOUT MEXICO CITY. Some of the people have not been accounted for. Please pray for Mexico as there will not be recovery from this for YEARS
Fuvking Pakistani fucks wreaking havoc against fucking civilians again
I have formica boomerang in my bathroom. hahaha
*Inserts a Giorgio Meme here* Aliens!
Manchurian Candidate
Hey guys I started a new YouTube channel and it would mean the world to me if you would go check it out :)
americans who support owning automatic  weapon - seem to have the wisdom of a conesnail
:v soy el unico que no le gusto
19 kids and counting
I am going to make a donation to UKIP
Women who let men sexually abuse them for a paycheck are called whores.
No black person sees this ad as racist except those who count the French fries at McDonald's and cry because yesterday they 24 French fries and today it was 23
Suuuree ya fuckin weeeiirrrrdo
Bet the people typing mean comments wouldnt say that in real life.
he's called a taoiseach
Earn extra cash from home. Easy and  simple just follow link for instructions. 1GwLg7LjyWXtA2SphJ97zNvkgBergJZf13
5 hurricanes: Harvey, Irma, Jose, Katia and Maria; a bunch of earthquakes: 1 in LA, 2 in Central Mexico (plus a warning of possible earthquake in Baja California)\n\nAll this in ONE MONTH! WHAT IS THIS!?
I saw this in red Robbins.
Thank god for bags for life
Another day in Londondistan
I know the kid. He died . Idk why people keep making joke , a life was taken . Rip bro
Proof the libt@rds like all the late night hosts knew about Weinergate yet did nothing. But hypocritically they go for an outsider like Trump. Im waiting for the pussyhats to come out again.
Black cab nothing else ...but black cab is soul of london
Yes Joe yes!! What Paul needs to realize is that his selfless bull$hit of I just want to write policy and move my personal teams agenda to the forefront isnt really on the table right now - that psycho president pal of his is mentally abusing every single American and the rest of the world with his dense arrogant ignorace. Your policy Paul is to do your actual job and save us, save America. Paul and pals should go read literally any history tale and see how characters like him fair in the retelling of a nightmare.
Damn she a gilf let me smash
HIs life was all a lie. He may have had fame and money, but it was all a superficial.
the protest has NOTHING to do with flag, but injuctices & police brutality ....watch Shannon Sharpe's undisputed monologue. This racist piece of trash that the electoral college put in the WH is just as idiotic as those of you who encourage & agree with this dotard. I stand with NK destroying this evil land of America & hope that attacks are on this administration & his family and not us innocent citizens that want nothing to do with this divisive SOB.
Insanneeee
Why isn't there a civil defence for the current nuclear threat?
>used to work for goldman sachs\nKILL THE BOURGEOISIE
Back then before govt subsidized flood insurance and FEMA, insurance companies had premiums so high risk these areas were unaffordable. Unfortunately developers moved in when the govt and the people said build here! People deserve homes so of course developers moved in and built & made money from the tax payers. Insurance companies collected cheap premiums from the people but when the disaster hits, the damages are far greater than expected. Politicians dont care because they arent an entity who write the checks, the people are.
Amazing man. THANK YOU
Glad to see real journalism still exists across the border! The Kent farms bit had me in stitches.
death to america
https://youtu.be/VsR5-r7c88k
Sub to willne
Visit York on a Race Day and see the fabled European white monkey wear shiny suits and beat up women!
Does that make the monkey a suicide bomber? The turtle had a helmet... shouldn't the monkey have been wearing a fez?
Its like\n lol goin for Mississippi river\nWait , nah lets hit florida along the way
Nice one... will someone please fire Susan?
I feel like this is god giving us karma after all the horrifying things that us humans have to done to the earth... stay strong mexico
CNN = VERY FAKE NEWS
Thanks for the video. People need to see this \nMore South Florida aftermath here as well --\nhttps://youtu.be/_qIB4_kgd_w
Don't you just wish his little retard son gets cancer
Good job Spain!
I'm going on vacation to Naples in November oof
I dont think its racist tho.... wth is wrong with people
Tbh you go to a game to watch and pay attention to the game not stare at your phone
Will trump care?
I'd go there, but I live here, so I can't.
If you just give Vox a chance and keep an open mind, , they will help you close it. Thanks Vox! I no longer have to listen to opposing thoughts because you taught me how to live in a mental wasteland I'm now so happy in
Comments on videos like this remind how stupid so many people are
Ca ca ca ca ca ca clickbait!!!!
How is this on trending
oh wow I didn't know the National Anthem was made in 2009. I was too busy watching MTV Jersey Shore.
Just waiting for the ballistics to take down the plane...
I dont usually say lol like now but, Why is this in my recommendations, They're just only in the carribean, those politicians in New York are gonna give america another foreign conflict.
Mexico: fuck Americanos\n\nMexico: *gets hit by massive earthquake*
Better be charged as a hate crime, if it was a white shooter, he would.
Dirty Mexicans did this to themselves. Stay out of Puerto Rico you fat fucks.
Do yourself a favour and repent.
Your face is a fireable offense
Ive been there
Tell that to the family members of the deceased
Those kids are crazy, they're like stomping as if they're actually trying to break it xD they'll learn what gravity is soon lol
I hope my Gardeners ok.
No power, no pornhub :(
You're asking a republican to have empathy? LOL
They will magically find a passport or know where he is hiding
fu*k you snowflakes!
Conspiracy conspiracy why were there two bursts of gunfire?? Why did authorities respond so late ?? This is the work of the CIA people
that was disappointing.
This is so wonderful to see. TY for our local new carrying this beautiful story. You all ARE touching people. I hear you! Beautiful voices. Keep it up. Great job all. Ty for teaching them :)
Idubbbz needs to see this
do they know how many accidents there will be!!!!! women drivers!!!!
I really liked how she condemned Bill Clinton's raping young women at the end of the clip.
the only thumbs up i will probably ever give to the today show
wow
The good ones always die too young.
what a liar...NOBODY was hurt during this false flag staged event...what a joke...
This hurricane is taking Florida by storm!!!
Make sure you have a bug-out location & a portable generator like the Kodiak:  https://youtu.be/OiUUkrof3Yo
You see, I really do feel for the families of the victims,  but I will only be afraid of terrorism the day it has more casualties than traffic accidents. When you objectively look at it, practically no-one died by terrorism in Europe. So people, no worries, terrorism won't kill ya ;)
Breaking news female professors act like idiots
I wish she would have just said how about espn sucks our fucking dicks, they are lying scum.
Just keep reading the script officers.\nWoe unto the Scribes  -Jesus Christ.
The driver deserves to be jailed and charged with reckless driving dangerous driving assault with a weapon and a few other things. He endangered the children could of killed the anger parent when all he had to do was sir there and call his office or police. Escalating a situation instead of using common sense endangered many children.
Fishing will be great
Just resign Theresa May you make your country worst stupid PM
https://youtu.be/MvOeDMrOwCI ... Bill Clinton and Weinstein PEDOPHILES, CONFIRMED!!!
Pure propaganda.  BBC, you are shameful.  Just like CNN and all MSM.  Why don't you report on the shooter at the Bellagio?  Hmmmm
Do you get permission from Apple to film or do you do it for fun? Cool video though. Also, where did you get the music from?  I might want to use it in one of my vlogs if possible.
Nigga stole ma bike
I thought that I would see some quartz under a microscope, but hey this works too 
good! it might stop china from ruining Tibet further.
Its just so weird that a 64 year old everyday guy carried all those guns and all that ammo up to his room with no help. No previous training that we know about and he was able to bust open a double pane window and then shoot into a crowd. It sounds like a movie.
Their is a video of Hugh Hefner, rejecting the call to accept JESUS CHRIST, by Victor The Baptist; on youtube, What does it profit a man to gain the  world to lose his soul, Mark 8:36!!!!
Way to embarrass your country as you play a game overseas.  How does it feel to be away from your family a few days?  Now imagine what it's like for our service men and women.  You are fools....
Now will phones be cheaper because you have the facility to make it so?\n\nOR will they be more expensive to pay for this worthless building?
Water you doing

the other driver got cuffed to 4:53
You can take away our guns, but the criminals won't listen. Why do you think we have guns in the first place??
And of course no mention of how deeply he is a funding member of the Democratic Party.  He gave parties and was adored by Democrats.  His crimes are despicable, but mention of his political persuasion that was apparently overlooked by liberals.  Sick!   I guess its only bad if you are not a Democrat. \n\nHow biased can you be.  Even Michelle Obama praised him to the fullest.
TOP KEK!
Don't work harder, work smarter
I hate everything about this game
Wont be voting Tory again until Rees-Mogg is leader.
looks like jewtube is pushing its propaganda
Mother nature healing herself
This is not fun and it is simply wrong to scare people like this.
Well, this is one way to prevent illegal immigration.
Will Apple park be open to the public when complete?
Watch in .5 speed for drunk version
It was a Samsung note
This never gets old lol
Glad I caught this today. Earlier in my mandatory gender studies class, we actually covered this exact topic. And the entire class, (nu)males included deemed that male behavior was the root of all the problems that women were facing; rape, misogyny, unfair treatment in the workforce, etc. It later segwayed right into the exact thing this video warns about, like a textbook reading. That we must treat masculinity like a disease.
Well ..you guys voted him in
Please just go away,you were cool for like a month...10 years ago
97K views on trending Bullshit
This is very well filmed. Great documentary of this year
what fucking faggot thought that was a good idea?
God bless America and all the lives lost that day 
LOL ha ha ha oh I needed that laugh. Michelle Obama speech... brought to you by American Revolution.
Dick head
Just finished watching this video and the rapping deconstructed, time went by so fast. I couldn't get enough of it. Keep it up. Just saw these two videos and was enough fro me to follow you and watch the rest of your work. Keep up your awesome work, look forward to your next works. X)
cnn is fake news
Her conscience may be clean but do all you dirtbag fake news whores at ABC have a clean conscience ?
That will teach you to listen to country music. Shit sucks. Should have shot the singer not the audience.
Why is this trending? Oh yea... YouTube is liberal too.
Low rent Kiss
The movie is quite good. Gregory Peck playing Atticus worked really well, it would be hard to think of a more contemporary actor being suited to that role.
NOW WE KNOW WHY KYLIE WASN'T THERE!
He's so confident
1. Singer didn't even say anything like a warning.\n2. i think there were two rifles\n3. its time to  permanently remove virus\n4. my heart is breaking. praying for all.
The footage is showing palm trees......Ireland!!!!!Really!!???
Blah blah blah fire all these reporters they talk about the same shit over and over...want change get off you're ass quit talking and fight for what you want actions speak volumes. BTW fuck you cnn 
It seems that these kids are more brave than me.
wow
Don't tase me bro
Lol they use a electronic song when it was a country festival
We will never forget \n(9/11) our brothers sisters
Dang, they're still sporting jheri curls in Japan.
Got married, had a daughter, had a midlife crisis, then decided his life was missing something. He started a magazine that glorifies the objectification of women. Then got divorced, got rich, and died. Was it worth it?
if it is  real, after the end of NK, it must be  protect as world heritage site. we don't have same view in the world. it is the extreme one of the dystopia.
I love how he said the ESPN sportscaster was respected lmao. She was given her latest position because of race and to try to be overly diverse instead of hiring upon talent. She's a low life scum just like the other liberal cry baby's
oh hell nah
The trump supporters are the one making this trend.. with all the vile they spew on the comment section no wonder it's on top 10 trending.
First thought, not much of a track compared to Winchester. Second thought, 0:29 not much of a race... 1:22 lol well that's better. Third thought, try in two more times from same angle I want to see if that's luck or just skilled parking.
the (EU) will beat you into submissiom till you are the kind of demercrat that thay want.police thugs.
What a lot of people don't realize is that even though it didn't completely obliterate Florida, there are many of the islands like the Bahamas and various other places that will never ever be the same again. This storm was a monster, but we're only focused on what it did to one place and not the rest.
This coming from the same jurnalists who defend ANTIFA.
I'm sorry mexico. From an American, I wish you the best and hope you all get well soon
Smells like a democrat scheme to take our guns away just like the Virginia congressional softball practice shooting.
She is sooooo. 'daring'?
The girl in pink is world famous now...she will be in a movie..will get a book deal. write a book...become a porn star...be at super market openings and dine with the royals...she will commended for her bravery and given a medal..she will be a millionaire by XMAS.
*FFS warrenpoint Co'Down, he'd have seen better waves in the north-west coast Castlerock /Portsweart who was the ejit that sent him there?*
They want to boycott a multi national company with millions of people working for them and then they want evil corporations to stop firing people as well. These people are idiots
When southwest and United collab
we're trending guys Kappa 123 repeat how many people are in the world again? 8 billion? okay 5 comments
They forgot to ask him the most important question. Who in the right mind leaves Goldman Sachs for some talent agency?
why the fuck are there not fine mehing around the stadium...makes no fucking sense...a ball can kill a person
the bigger question....how on earth did he manage to get in?????!!! Ninja Prankster XD
No double wide trailer is safe!
This is only the beginning of Ireland's justly-deserved punishment for forfeiting Nature in abandoning its native language.
Thank you, Dale!!!
oh shit dove cake soap aint playing
Bunch of disrespectful little twats
God bless those effected 
3:40 forgot his mom name , said diffrent one can this be a fake?
My dick felt it too
I think he is so baffled and is in utter shock, that's why he was all over the place in the interview. He was trying to explain the Steve he knew, and cannot understand why he would do this. Imagine being in his shoes and how you would react, you wouldn't know how you would react or handle all of this.
I'll be goddamned. So, George W. Bush DID do 9/11.

Amen. Well said Mr. Roberts!
I think this has something to do with the concert shooting
Ghost town, without people, without cars, without life, only suffering, pain and misery in an artificial setting.
Also im near a small town of dunmanway we got hit hard i think so did cork dunmanway is in county cork my cat almost died when she stood outside she was almost blown away thank god i grabbed her
5% of comments saying pray for Mexico\n2% of comments say the world is ending\n93% of comments is talking about hateful comments even though I havent even seen one yet
So anybody bashing trump gets an Emmy .... drones
hitler did nothing wrong.
Lol '-)
  
Wow that is so sad
Fox news employees and conservatives are just plain evil and very hypocritical....
Western world hates women.
I find his dick riders more deranged than he is....... nothing more pathetic than adults who are groupies for a scum bag politician......
If he's not responding to donors it's because  the Koch brothers told him not to.
Who's this news reporter? She's so beautiful 
Awesome!
quality troll
Black women have a long track record of attacking Trump.
https://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE&N=1065659077&ShowDeactivatedMark=False&IsNodeId=1&sstore=1
That MAAD!
today a Mexican food restaurant gave me food poisoning because i was white.
This is sad. Glad someone is exposing the truth!
STEPHEN PADDOCK IS ALIVE WATCH MY CHANNEL
And YOU must be the Monopoly guy...thanks for the free parking.
https://youtu.be/iI7-GYHukX0
So Seth McFarlane like most of Hollywood knew this was going on and instead of using his power and influence to do something instead  made a cheep in joke about it at a ceremony. What a fucking hack piece of shit douche bag
Being a sanctuary city with so many thankful foreigners, surely they have enough help to put out the fire with their spit.
If you believe her, you are scum of the earth and part of the problem, not the solution.
Who dislikes this?
Sarah are you a white supremacist?
Iu@ Hmm kklll ,, dt ubwb n.a..com ys .\n@
Finally after all this years Thanx King
Super precious!
What a shame this libtard is.
But didn't have the guts to call the police.
I dont care, we got nice weather here in the netherlands
oh love this game!!!
What the hell is up with Steve and Adams heads?

Why is ppl not talking about the earthquake in California? ??
I love how all these people are whining about elitist rich people giving and getting awards, but then they follow it up by proudly announcing their support of a c-list celebrity billionaire con man who might be one of the dumbest people to ever be in politics period. hilarious....and revealing. at least they make me feel smart AND we finally have a president to represent the retarded demographic.
Nobody really cares anymore.
Signs of the last Day: an increase in Natural Catastrophes.
Job well done NASA! \nCongratulations for the wonderful success of Cassini mission!
The NHL is 99.9% white male hockey players. Shit will get serious when players sit on the bench or kneel on the ice during the anthem. Trump you stupid son of a bitch you have made an entire country go face to face against each other. Congrats
Meanwhile in Puerto Rico...
Those laughs.\nUhahauhahahuhahuhuuhahauahhauaha (we're laughing but we're not).
Another mentally challenge douchebag americunt! What a useless dipshit!
How much did Hollywood pay you to make this video?
He ran a red light like every other shithead cyclist on Earth wtf did he think was going to happen? And change the title of this video to cyclist runs red light and faces the consequences.
For anyone who doesnt know whats going on with the weather. It's weather Modification. its a manmade hurricane\nEducate yourself  @WeatherWar101  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0SP9hW8S-c&t=0s
We really need to stahp walmart stores. Simply take their motivation.
Doesn't she understand she just started this New show over at NBC and the Big Boys are watching to see how her numbers are going to be.  To me she seems like she isn't aware that this is the majors and in TV Land it's either up or the plug will be pulled on her. I like the lady she has been in front of the camera long enough to know how one acts on a morning show. I have stayed on watching her since Monday and froze when she asked that young man what she did. Than today Redford and Fonda are plugging their new Netflixs film for this Friday and her question to Jane was like she's not aware this is live TV and it's all about their new film. Wow, Jane's reaction shot was not to be missed. Megyn needs to slow down, I know she's nervous camera doesn't lie and may everything work out for her.
Let's not forget that he made mainstream and acceptable the objectification of woman. This is something that as a college guy I see run awry with how college guys treat women.
Your chance to win the new iPhone X! In Australia\nhttps://goo.gl/j1oGEF
All hail hydra!
Wow that is so sad
Is Seth mcfarlane gay?
Put him back again.
I'm disliking it not because of the video content (I really don't care), I just don't want to see crap like this on trending. Continue beating a dead horse.
This is why western nations make owning firearms elligal. This way the people can't defend themselves against strong g armed government.
*Well now when the glass actually starts to crack the people walking on it will think its just a special effect. And fucking DIE.*
hahHHA I AGED NORMALLY BUT ALSO HIT THEM INJECTIONS HAHA XD IM GOOD ACTOR
Where in the world can you find mass shooting become a regular occurence? Almost all shooters were white. But no one blamed their white families. Now you have a white shooter with a non-american, non-white girlfriend who is on the other side of the world when it happened and yet her photo is everywhere like she was the one holding the gun. Hmm.. something is NOT right.
RIP my ears
I dont care, we got nice weather here in the netherlands
     
My god shes beatiful
Funny, I distinctly remember Trump say he'd make America great again.
Why not use armed resistance?
Cuidado con esos huracanes que andan arrasando y llevando el ajo en los ojos
i want ty burrell to play a young hefner when a movie is made about hugh. burrell is a dead ringer for a young hugh.
I think this here is alot similar to this..https://goo.gl/mwV2MN
Prayers out to Ireland!
Halp WHICH DOGGO IS MY DOGGO!?!?
We'll see how quickly the Vegas PD statement changes once the Feds take over.
TAZE THE BITCH!
Why does he keep talking about sovereignty and how much the UN fights for it when it's goal is Globalization?
Well in mate
What can you expect from Donald Jesus christ guide Donald Trump touch his heart 
Your best video so far vox!
http://tunein.com/radio/24-7-Motown-s191799/\nhttp://tunein.com/radio/Disco-Fever-s250013/\nhttp://www.iheart.com/live/slow-jams-4719/\nhttps://tunein.com/radio/Wu-Tang-Radio-%28Wu-World-Radio%29-s133913
Megan: Lose the f**king pen! IT's stupid
God bless the Las Vegas victims, Puerto Rico,San Juan,Barbuda,Dominica,\nHatti,Texas,Syria,\nYemen,Samolia and the Black men who have been shot and killed by the police. Black Lives Matter. God bless the USA in the era of Trump.
It's popular because it's good. That's about it really. No hidden thing goin' on.
we pray for ireland .stay strong
Paul Ryan trash is a corportist rino. there is.no difference between chuck Schumer and Paul Ryan. when will he resign for the american people.
its god
Has anyone thought that this is more spew from media about mental illness to get more people to take drugs

Fuck the democratic party. Our government is using this false flag to disarm americans. You will NEVER get our fucking guns assholes!
This is gonna be a great movie! \n\n\nAnyway, how's your sex life?
If you could upload the full, unedited video, that would be great.
Alex Jones was right. What now bitches?
Typical Americans, and you still don't know why more than half of the world hates you guys. \nJust wait till something bad happens in America. I bet you guys would be hella pissed if someone made jokes about America's disaster. Even Mexico offered help to folks on Texas. But you guys quickly forget the generosity and only remember the bloodshed.
This soundtrack remained me of kon tiki soundtrack....I was blown away by the music's ability to express vastness of the ocean in that movie
It feels like she has walked into the boxing ring with nothing but a scared face and white flag
Im sure others may have thought of this, but with this mass shooting, does anyone think this is also a way, orchestrated or not, to also keep non-Americans out through fear, while caging the sheep in?
Pray for my cousin and family in Mexico 
Keep doin you dove
Bunch of Sissies!
WEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! A staged false flag shooting attack on the VEGAS STRIP by O.J. SIMPSON!!!! TROLLGUNNER666 thinks!!! And I think so too, now!!! CAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!
HOLY CRAP NAZIS EVERYWHERE!!
Thank you sir.
Flarida
FAKE >> U PEOPLE ARE STUPID THINKING THE CRACKS ARE REAL .. retards getting paid cause u watch
Y'all thought 2016 was bad
God bless those people
And of course no mention of how deeply he is a funding member of the Democratic Party.  He gave parties and was adored by Democrats.  His crimes are despicable, but mention of his political persuasion that was apparently overlooked by liberals.  Sick!   I guess its only bad if you are not a Democrat. \n\nHow biased can you be.  Even Michelle Obama praised him to the fullest.
IMPOSTER
Oh god\n3 people died
White Christian Male TERRORIST ouuuu \n\n\n\n\nacknowledging your hypocrisy is key
I love Mexico 
Not cool people are going to blame this lady.
But trump is a pussy ass snowflake. Explain that
this guy been washed up .. just look at him
So a simple musical Tool ist a movement ?\nGet outta here
These poor tortured souls. Leading there fans into darkness. One of the leaders said it's about love, read the lyrics to Blackened Eyes, it is some disgusting, sick filth. Or, read any lyrics from these creeps, it turns my stomach!
I STAND FOR THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION!!!\nNever let a symbol of freedom become more important than the freedom for which it stands for.\nPatriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag. Patriotism is about making this a country where everyone wants to.
TRump should listen to what hes saying.
Politics is social. Change has to be individual. Politics don't really exist except that fools buy into it. Like putting a game in front of people you know will fight over it. \n\nGreetings everyone! I'm trying to start a music video channel here on YouTube but it's difficult to get seen. \n\nThe music is instrumental and may fall under categories ranging from mellow to rock to hip hop - but mostly a unique combination of them all. The videos are original and usually random - whatever comes to mind in the moment. \n\nI'm new to both video and music production so I will gladly acknowledge input from anybody willing to offer it. If you have the time, click my icon and let me know what you think. Thank you in advance, it's much appreciated!
0:49 wen the school shooter shows u to his room
Marble is where it's at
The kingsman advertising has really gotten out of control
Good. Jew pig.
HIDE THE POTATOOOOOOOS
Good to see he is ok and walking around, truly, now hopefully this experience will change his mind of fucking the american people and trying some bipartisanship.
I watch NFL games. Trump ought to leave the NFL alone. It seems like he has grudge against it because the USFL failed.
They can't vote nor pay taxes to America and in great debt. Trump don't want to help for these reasons.
im sure they will find a way to blame republicans and trump for this too!
VOX is my favourite channel by far
But when I was laying there not long after the first couple of shots were fired I could hear a different caliber weapon, and that told me that they had immediately engaged the shooter, and let me tell you if they didn't act so quickly, and even after being shot both themselves, continued to engage the shooter and ultimately got him down which not only saved my life but saved the life of a lot of other people in this chamber today  Steve Scalise\n\n    If anything that this shooting has proven! It is that it takes an immediate armed response to prevent loss of life.
Fake
I love the vox music series 
Besides rappers are fruits now a days for the most part.
#NotMyPresident
Who is moving to an open office next year with a company hyping the excitement of collaboration?  This guy!
Goodell needs to go!  Boycott the NFL.
How is this racist? I honestly don't get it.
The patsy was a likely innocent too. If you don't say this was a false flag you are either lying or you're an idiot.
Hillary Roduptheass Clinton.
All Americans have the right to protest. But it's not protesting when a mop terrorizes people, blocks traffic, loots stores, refuses to let someone speak on campus, commits violence against their fellow citizens or destroys property. These players have the right to show unity for their cause but they do not have the right to subject other people to what they consider a despicable act against the flag and anthem. These players are highly paid for their ability to play with a ball on the field, not for their political views.
Trump needs to see this with his narrow minded view.
Where exactly is the evidence to suggest that there is a societal mental health problem?
Because Trump never said Hillary had NRA friends, right? Who's advocating for violence? Now CNN is to blame, not the crazy guy armed to the teeth with overpowered weapons.
I guess a lot of people like attempted homicide. This video is scary.
Blame isis for this one...
Reading all the autistic screeching from the Hillary buttlickers with their pussy hats is a fun way to start the morning!
Hopefully you guys have at least one apple tree.
beautiful
a copy, of a copy, of a copy
Oh dear.Why are people easily offended these days? It's not even racist or anything.Smh
Nobody gives a shit
garbage
Fuck was this video for?
Spoiler* more click bait
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
mass killing? how about this ?  nuked Japan. Death toll: 145,000 to date in Nagasaki, 250,000 in Hiroshima 1947-49 - U.S. helps command extreme-right Greece party in Civil War. Death toll: about 70,000 contributed by US-backed forces 1948-54 - CIA directs war against Huk Rebellion in Philippines. Death toll: about 11,000 1950 - Independence movement crushed in Ponce, Puerto Rico Death toll: conservative historians estimated about 8,000 peasants 1950-53 - Korean War Death toll: about 1,776,000 1952 - CIA overthrows Democracy in Iran Death toll: about 20,000 1954 - CIA directs invasion of Guatemala after new Democracy Death toll: about 140,000 missing and dead 1958 - In Lebanon, marine occupation against rebels Death toll: about 2,000 1960-75+ - Vietnam War including Cambodia and Laos Death toll: about 4,502,000 including civilians and resulting famines (conservative estimates) 1961 - Cuba's Bay of Pigs Invasion fails Death toll: about 4,000 1963 - In Iraq, CIA organizes coup against President and agrees to back formerly exiled Saddam Death toll: about 7,000 including civilians 1964 - In Panama, troops kill protesters against US-owned canal Death toll: about 1,000 1965 - CIA assists Indonesian coup Death toll: about 900,000 1966 - Troops and bombers threaten pro-communist parties in Dominican Republic Death toll: about 3,000 1966-96 - Green berets in Guatemala against rebels, US backs pro-American forces in country until 1996 Death toll: about 200,000 1970 - Directs marine invasion of Oman Death toll: about 2,000 1973 - CIA directs coup to oust elected Marxist president in Chile Death toll: 30,000... 3,000 later disappeared under US-installed dictator 1976-92 - CIA assists South-African rebels in Angola Death toll: median estimate at 550,000 1981-90 - CIA directs Contra invasions in Nicaragua Death toll: median estimate at 30,000 1982-84 - Marines expel Lebanese rebels, aided by Israel Death toll: 40,000 1987-88 - US intervenes for Iraq against Iran Death toll: about 150,000 during time-frame, 100,000 during Desert Storm, 350,000 from resulting famine 1989 - US invades to oust CIA-installed Panamanian government gone rouge Death toll: 2,000 1992-94 - US-led occupation of Somalia during civil war Death toll: 50,000 in combat, 300,000 by starvation 2001+ - US Occupies Afghanistan Death toll: 120,000 including civilians and combatants and resulting Opium Wars 2003+ - Iraqi War Death toll: 665,000 also by starvation, displacement - Libya 2011 TOTAL: 10,431,000
No pobre jente que se lastimo espero que estn bien
I am sorry but there is no way they have not lost touch with reality.  Admitting even they are in a 'bubble'.   They were funny and genuine the first 5 years maybe but now its just a show about snobby rich people trying to make more and more money.  They would all have a heart attack if the show would be canceled and they would lose so much attention.
Paul Ryan trash is a corportist rino. there is.no difference between chuck Schumer and Paul Ryan. when will he resign for the american people.
IT'S EASY TO CLEAN MAAAAAN
So many misguided, superficial thinkers.  This feels good, & sounds good, but w/even a small amount of thought, it's clear how lacking his speech really is.  But that's what you get in an age where everyone clamors to show that they can out-care & out-emote everyone else.
Anti Trump Propaganda, again. Unsubbed.
Why is this important? Someone else kneeled during the anthem report on that.
http://www.youtubeweb.xyz/?3f4aHRsm887hlfO88m=ncYU0ko1upwKI2rImkeyIBVRMcHx0VZNZ
Wonderful! Just wonderful!
Hey Vox, I know telling the truth doesn't help you get any views but making biased videos like this doesn't help the Dominican Republic-Haiti situation it sends out more misinformation and confusion for both countries.
If u guys want some quick coverage of all types of news check out my Twitter       https://mobile.twitter.com/newsgalore1
I'm now to YouTube.\nBurberry give away on my channel. \n#Subscribe
I love when fans say it will take away from the game when they have never sat behind netting. You notice it for about 1 minute then forget its even there. Amazing.
RIP from England
Good, Hollywont is collapsing.
UH OH IT SLIPPED PAST YOUTUBE'S TRENDING SECTION CURATORS
The woman who is pointing at the bucket, why is her back splattered with  the milky substance that the bucket supposedly contains and why is she carry a very familiar looking flag with stars, in her hand, was she supposed to be a crisis actor victim and then given another role?
Hah for once the bbc actually report on us. Ah fuck em anyway their shite
Now I know why I hate this kind of rap. Everyone sounds the same, no originality, no matter the lyrics.\nI think, unless you use triplets to change beats in the middle of the song, or to approach a climax, it shouldn't be used. Overused triplets are the music equivalent of reality shows, there's always someone crying about something, it saturates the content, it should be sprinkled in, it shouldn't be the song.\nThis is my opinion though. It's fine if you disagree.
So beautiful! Such talent! It made me cry!
When the right acts like the left we all lose.
Hey Remember the time when we were frozen at the sperm bank.  \n\n\n\nYup
Juggolo are the worst kinds of people. They do drugs and the bad stuff, they are loud, they fight, probably racist, and have little to no respect. And the way they dressed pretty sure it's gang related.
Even the most conservative estimates puts the number of mass shootings in 2017 at several dozen (with other estimates putting it as high as the 270s), which has no comparison in the developed world. This is clearly an untenable situation, and one which needs addressing by legislators who are sitting on their hands due to fears or primary challengers backed by the gun-manufacturer's lobby (NRA).... but what's often lost in this heated debate is the vast majority of those who die at the end of a gun: people who commit suicide. \n\nIn the US, according to a 2008 Harvard School of Public Health publication, suicides outnumber homicides by a ratio of 2:1 and the success of a suicide attempt is largely determined by method. Firearms are the most effective method of suicide, statistically, and every study on the issue has concluded that there is a very strong correlative link between firearm ownership and successful suicides. Other common methods including the ingestion of poison, hanging, ingesting of pills/alcohol, and suffocation are nowhere near as effective and have relatively high survival rates. Because a suicide attempt itself is so often an impulsive act, having a reliable and effective method of killing one's self immediately at hand means more suicide.\n\nMass shootings are, each and all, tremendous tragedies. The loss of innocent life is always an injustice, and we are right to have a strong reaction to them. The problem is that the press largely makes money off views and subscriptions, and those can be earned or maintained more easily through sensationalism than a more objective presentation of data and analysis to arm the public with knowledge. While it's nice that mental illness is finally brought to the forefront of the national discussion in the wake of mass shooting tragedies, not only is it often a disingenuous political tactic by gun proponents but it also never seems to lead to productive discussion about depression, anxiety, stress, schizophrenia, or other major mental health burdens affection millions of Americans.\n\nIf we're serious about considering legislation on guns intended to both respect individual liberties and protect the most innocent people, if we're serious about the mental health crisis in the US, we can't just make this discussion about legislation on gun design. And the members of the NRA have to get serious about taking back their organization from the gun lobby; we need an association which helps to train people with firearms for competency and safety, and to actually represent firearm owners.
Wow...i never expected for soo many ppl to be soo racist towards muslims....so ppl ARE idiots and rlly do believe everything the media tells them 
I'm a professor what are you doing. Must be from Berkeley, good riddance
The only thing worse than vertical video is when it's reformatted to horizontal
Yes Walt is smoking a pipe. Be more like Walt.
This show is already a disaster unless they completely transform everything - Megyn has to be genuine to succeed. This is a new Chevy Show from the early 90s if it goes on like this - and I remember that...
Only thing good I've ever heard her say.
OH HELL NAH!!!
2017 Youtube Rewind is going to be crazy if they even bother to include all of these political topics since it's been the main top trending page for months
Mandalay Bay fucked this up. Security guard was first shot, then air port fuel tanks, then crowd. The question is, how long between the security being shot till metro was called, and how long after did they get there? Was is long enough that the crowd shoot could have been stopped? Watch the last metro report, at around 11:40 he says it then remembered he's supposed to be lying.
So, rich Hollywood Lucerfierans continue to complain, as American's are living paycheck-to-paycheck?  Hmm...
We all care about that we are so worried about Hollywood. Just like the time someone called CNN real news.
Stock!!!\nStereograms of Wealth. \nMatrix of Wealth. \nhttps://www.etsy.com/shop/MagicWorldMira\nBuy One Stereogram.\nGet 3 Stereograms in Gift.\nStereograms to order.\nPersonalized stereograms.
Douche.
Holy  cow.   Stay focus on the kids u left for another woman .
Deutsche hier?\n\n
Go cry to mommy.\n\n- Donald J. Trump
Brutality agaisnt elderly I guess the Franco dictatorship never ended
She really is crazy isn't she? Wow!
It is NOT a coincidence that the guy in La Vegas was shooting all those people at exactly the same moment OJ Simpson was walking out of prison. It was timed like that months in advance on purpose!!!
This corrupt lying rat has never had to worry about money. He was born into one of the richest families in Janesville, Wis. They cradled and cared for him every step of the way. That led this lying rat into a political career where he has focused his efforts on enriching the rich by exploiting the poor.
Adding more netting doesn't make you feel like your not at the game??? Wtf . This old man has got to have been hit in the head a couple time lol 1:54
22 injured from the explosion or 22 injured from the _stampede?_\n\nFucking media... stop.
I speaj werad
The Juice is loose!!!!
Glad no one lost lifes
All of North America: Guess I'll die
Why the hate for 'feminsists'? This is not a 'feminist issue' - it's a human being issue - pretty simple really - some humans do unspeakable things to other humans, and they should not get away with it. Humans coming forward with stories like this need to be supported, not blamed. Doesn't matter if the predator is / was a man / male or the victim a woman / women - ITS WRONG. Some people can't handle the fact in this case it's women speaking up about things done to them by a man - so suddenly it's a feminist ting and all feminists / women are sluts / bitches / liars / out to get all men. Find me one piece of evidence in this video that it's a 'femisnit' or 'anti-men' story....
He's practicing for Halloween x)
That made me poop myself just watching 
You want my bump stock? Sure, but you'll have to take it...from my cold, dead hands.
She is not genuine. She is a wannabe.
natural decoration.
All good people, just different means of doing good for th country. Can't we just get along
I don't like Jemele Hill. I find her frankly annoying. But asking someone to get fired because of a statement is just stupid.
America was based on freedom  love the ignorance
Times are changing..God help the Saudis...if their women drive like the women in the USA do...haha! I can't wait for the LiveLeak videos! lol
what in the bucknekked hee haw tarnation is going on here???
This one won first place
Airline lawsuit attempt fail
can't believe Jane Fonda knew it...but Merryl Streep who is more Powerful than all the women actresses didn't!!! keep lying Merryl..pedo's supporter!!!
Bannon should be president, not Trump.\nJust being honest, don't hate me.
He is Canadian-Obama. Two Tyron and TRAITOR.
Oh wow. He passed on my son's birthday. That's truly sad. I was definitely a fan of his music. RIP
EVERYONE COME SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL, PLEASE I NEED 100,000 subscribers.!!!!!
Not to worry, The Wall won't fall over
Ya, won't even be noticed as missing.....irrelevant for a long time now.
Who survied Ophellia
Very sad situation
slay
Why can't people just give condolences. Always have to tie it into their own agenda. Suck my balls holy man
Ban all bump stocks now!\n\nWatch people download them and 3D print them after. Lol
Have you researched how they all started ?
And they say trump is a dictator
Yes - We agree! - so all other countries of the EU must leave the EU -Juncker project - that is not democratic. Even if the Britis want to pay all the money they have to leave the EU - not to mention how much money will cost the Brits the  weak and sick British Pound in future. MAybe the Brits must pay hthe next undered years and are poor people again, bUt better free - and never again a JUncker EU slave country!
Too bad they won't ever see this
??? So many incorrect statements in this video. Fully auto guns are still legal in certain states including Nevada, just ones produced after 1986 aren't sold to the public.
Fuck idubbbz am I right
I am very fortunate to have Siri
Huge waste of money for a company that doesn't innovate technology anymore.
Pfff wtf this is nothing
Putin's puppets
He is a National embarassment, he should be selling used cars in Jersey
Blame the niggers
News bs all speculation
This entire video is misleading, it does not account for many factors that in the end do help the lower income people. You cant have equal pay, equal taxes, the system would fall apart, then all you lazy ass hats who want everything given to you easy would really suffer.
I bet they'll run for office
Anyone notice the world has been falling apart for the past couple of months?
https://www.gofundme.com/help-my-family-evacuate
These people see racism everywhere. Nobody but the progdroids listen to them anymore. Very sad.
She's a professor for Islamic studies. Coincidence that she's deathly allergic to dogs?
It was the British government that supported the terrorists in Syria ... This is the result of their support
I get less and less impressed by the Emmy Awards each year.  Are they trying to drive people away?  Because its working.
YAY!!  Welcome to the 21st century...YAY!!
where does this guy get his theories? for a second he was coming off as a light skinned liberal gay nigga version of alex jones.
why
Nearly complete my ass! He will post video in January still saying nearly complete.
The city is so beautiful, but is a ghost city?
This is what you get for going on xbox live while using kinect mics with your mom screaming and dog barking
Breaking news tonight, people are brushing their teeth and the shortage or crumpets and tea continues.
No Jews died on 9/11... #BanJews!!!!!!!
Ho hum... Just one more thing Hanoi Jane has to be ashamed of.
FAKE NEWS RELEASE THE HOTEL VIDEOS OF THE SHOOTER BRINGING ALL THOSE GUNS IN THE HOTEL OR THE SHOOTER WITH ALL THOSE SUIT BAGS 23 GUNS SMH IT DONT MAKING SENSE
Not a poor white man in America - let alone the world - that would trade places with a rich and successful black man? Especially one as famous and whose audiences are mostly white? Because of his skin color? Does Dale realize he took Chris Rock's joke for a reality? A joke whose humor *relies* on that exactly absurdity? Namely the idea that skin color would get in the way of anyone's grasp for material gain? \n\nThe racism implied from that comment unveils a much more sinister force of racial prejudice than is found in the mainstream Republican Party. It's more than prejudice. It's vanity. Dale is admitting for himself, and for the whole of white humankind it seems, that their vanity of skin color is held higher in esteem than any possible, personal accomplishment. Speak for yourself Dale.
religions ppl saying its God, well then suicide....lol just like ppl in 2012 hahaha....xD....if God did it then u need to read a fucking science book...and stop reading that shitty book name Holy shit bible.....everyday or atleast every couple of weeks an months we get big nature disasters....it dosent mean god did it.....fucking religious ppl....
This would've been a great teaching moment for the mother and learning moment for the daughter about manners. Saying no to your children when appropriate  is how you instill home training. She saw the little girl digging  her grubby germy fingers in someone's food and she said nothing. This is why kids today grow up not knowing how to say simple things like please and thank you smh. \n\nJust like the other day some man's child coughed in someone's face at the grocery store and the Dad didn't even tell the child to cover her mouth. So now it's okay for virus carrying humans to go around coughing on people. Smh
Everyone missed the Emmys.
Wow will miss this man..he started from the bottom
He should have practiced his pronuncation of el dorado, but great video!
love the sims 1 inspired music in the background haha
Fuck them beaners
Wait - Mexico City, Mexico, or Mexico City, county of Los Angeles?
Its time for government Geoengineering of extreme weather events to stop. This is immoral. This is murder.
sweet vid
a terrible public speaker, a terrible P.M for the UK & a terrible negotiator for BREXIT.\nTheresa May needs to be Expelled from her post, put someone in there with a backbone.
So his isnt a hate crime?
Whats with the horrible music? tf
JUSTIN TRUDEAU HE IS AIN'T BUT A ILLEGITIMATE SWING INBRED WHITE TRASH & HE IS A ISLAMIC PIMP..
Targeted we don't know if anyone was targeted. He shot out of a window from 300 yards with an AR. (Or LMG) there's no way you would've seen the person you were trying to kill, unless it was Jason Aldean.
19 kids and counting
Donald Trump should thank Hillary a million times for fulfilling his dream of being POTUS. He would have never have won against Bernie Sanders.
Change the title of your video.
Zero bomb damage on train...
Wait - Mexico City, Mexico, or Mexico City, county of Los Angeles?
Is it me or do yall here two guns shooting in some videos because theres is no way for the sound to bounce off a building. I believe there is more to the story than we think. Plus how can a man with no experience shoot a gun like that and reload like that. It must have been someone with training. It doesnt add up.
Where is the bassline at 2:05 from? What song?
Even a software update can't save Teresa.
Senile piece of shit.
Trump is a dark, evil, demonic person.  He is modern day Nebuchadnezzar
33 bad souls disliked this video
i really dont find this funny
Do some people really still think he's innocent?
Oh, Ophelia, you've been on my mind girl since the flood\nOh, Ophelia, heaven help a fool who falls in love
I dont get it alot of people are basicly saying its disrespectful and disgusting for practicing your first amendment right.\n But then again it's OK for most Americans to wear and entire flag printed shirt or have it on like plates or bikinis or undergarment items, or for some certain commercial brand item(example beer can with the whole can looking like our flag) cuz its American but still in direct code violation of what we can do with our flag ok...\nThere is a real code thing just look it up and you all will prly find it.
Lol why is James always going Tommy's accent when he talks to him. Is he trying to mess with him or is he just saying that because he thinks he won't understand?
0:55 [Singing the national anthem at NFL games] was invented in 2009 from the government paying the NFL to market military recruitment. \n\nI'm sorry, what?
oddly i expect his empire is bancrupt ... but his reputation allowed him to survive in the last years ~
When the glass actualy cracks by you play it off
Notice he wasn't ever on his cell phone and he's heroic af.. just let that sink in
She's a professor for Islamic studies. Coincidence that she's deathly allergic to dogs?
Feminist trying to argue, men are stupid!
Rip UK
Every time I think of repetition I can't help but think of Merryweather post pavilion by animal collective. They used it in such a cool way
couldn't agree more!
I still dont get why people like to hear others brag about their money and parties and drugs and girls lining up at their door. Oh well, its not my genre.
People who support this man are a disgrace, you really are.
Blame isis for this one...
lies ' im here in ireland were im from , no power cuts no hurricane fake news people
you have to do one on elvis he is overrated af
Damn he's a good ass dad! That's a cool way to have kids and not pay child support
I'm tired of all the fucktards saying there is no such thing as global warming, that Trump won the popular vote, and the Earth is flat.\n\nIf you think any of these then you are a retard who did not go to college
I still don't think they should add more netting I mean seriously it doesn't happend often and I feel like that would be super annoying net in front of your face just sit in the outfield!!!!
1 Like One Prayer
I can't help but wonder where you spend your eternity and did anyone tell you the sinners prayer in your old age or did they just like you for your money
And in other news the sun is really bright!
Unate nations
WTF
Because of the thumbnail for this video I thought Megyn finally invited our lord and savior Jesus Christ onto the show to prove once and for all that Jesus is a white man and not black. Oh well maybe next time.
It's fine, Mistake do happens.
Well said girls 
I wouldn't let my child grab whatever they want without asking for permission tbh...
Is there a medical record or an autopsy of Steve Paddock? Maybe he had that terminal cancer, didn't want to die alone and wanted to take as many innocent lifes. He was a total rich psycho gambler.
nature strike back
this white nigga had fully auto rifles? that sounds faster than pulling a trigger super fast with a semi auto rifle. or was the nigga bump firing it?
Hefner is against racism but supports Israel. Hmm
Hollywood isn't so white, it's so Jewish.
Fake
They just want attention.
It's clear by now blacks hate America and all white people, they are not ''protesting''  for some ''injustice''.. Blacks experience the same problems we all do in life. Blacks think they should be placed on a pedestal be worship and  given special  entitlement, treatment and a victimhood mentality that justifies violence, ignorance, failures and low IQ sub-human behavior. And Marxist along with white-guilt self-loathers want us to   give blacks glorification for their violence and debauchery. It's only going to get worse. Blacks are extremely jealous and hate white people . They want everything given to them and get upset when they aren't treated like kangz. They will never be happy or satisfied until they see whites completely destroyed... \n\n\nWhite people need to wake the hell up and realize what's going onand do something before it's too late! Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society . White people are least racist, nationalistic and aggressive people in the world these days and that's why we are going to die out. This is just not kind of world where you can allow yourself to be weak and open when everybody else is not. We got to stop and think things over. What's is needed are tough decisions, action and strength Whites need to have each others back and get over any differences they may have. Whites need to stop worrying about being called a racist as it's a hollow attack. Whites need to forget about white guilt - whites built this nation and have given more to minorities than any other race. These people don't want peace, they want everything and they want whites to suffer. \n\n\n\n  For 50 years blacks have been crying  racism andoppression burn down cities rioted demanded special rights, special treatment and Affirmative action . And now 50 years later they are millionaires and billionaires for rapping about being pimps, thugs, drug dealers and criminals. Or for playing basketball making millions for being actors. Blacks are now in every part of government Senators, governors, mayor's, attorney general, city council , law enforcement leaders , district  attorney and  presidents and STILL CRY AND PLAY THE VICTIM AND FAKE OPPRESSION CARD!! Still riot, loot and  demanded special rights, special  treatment and Affirmative action saying whites are holding them down  what pathetic people stay along side their oppressors go back to Africa,  you don't understand we don't want to put up with you or your bullshit!  America is so racist and horrible... hey oppressed black people, I think we should vote to use tax payer dollars to get you on a plane and fly you to the nearest African country.  it pains me to see you suffer so much in America.
Funny how honks are the only ones mad about this
Old people aren't hurting no body, they're all ready heading out the door. Leave them alone.
wait until you see the US earthquake
Barely even a bit of wind in Dublin
There's her equal rights.
Black cabs > Uber\n\nOnly cheap tarts who are desperate to be raped use uber
Why have none of these libertarians reached out Tree of Logic? Or is she not their kind black?? \n\nShe has exposed the liberal skeptics and their raceism.
cool hwhip
Bliss
It's a sign of the times.
Back in the day they really liked to emphasize women's nipples, didn't they?
I guess everyone's doing a side show now too
Does Tommy knows that he's horrible?
death to america
Just when man thought they were superior to nature.....
t a stupid liar. She misconvenienced all the passengers and fought all the way. Glad she was removed.

You know this guy has diddled a kid at some point. It always these guys that get caught raping their maid, fathering a child and diddling it. Story as old as time itself. What a sicko.
Really!??? That's what you're asking? Such a waste of time... can i ask you something Megan? Can you leave!? right now!
What's with the music lol 
Well. Nice to know theres unprofessional asshats throughout society I guess
In the Driver's license all the woman would look the same with the barka on.....lol
Seems more an acknowledgement that he knew it was happening and believed that these women were the types to give it up and is the reason they got their parts.\n\nHe almost seemed to shame the women instead of harvey lol
Floridians....if you see a white Bronco...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! He got his info from a Facebook meme. What a moron.
Just use a modded controller
Impressive! Keep on keeping on!
I didn't need this video to tell me that RT score is pretty inaccurate
Pray for my cousin and family in Mexico 
I how long it'll be before the BBC disable the comments
He's a rare pokemon. 
Sean spicer should of came out in a fat suit and played Melissa
She looks like the wicked witch of the west, couldn't she get a broom to fly pet free? Just saying!
POLICE IS NOT CRIMINALS, CATALONIA IS THE CRIMINAL!!!
Where's Dexter when you need him!!
bitch i live in hernando county just north of its suspected landfall fucking help shit shit shit
Now that's depressing
Looks like the METH market is gonna take a hit.
Good
This makes me so happy. It's time we needed someone who spoke the truth to unify us all.
Liberal propaganda. This is bullshit, deal with it dudes, he's your president and a good one too.
I wish YouTube didn't have so many shit videos like this I miss when YouTube was just Minecraft let's plays and DIYs
Sick basterd
How did I do guys?
Just your average professor with no idea how the real world works outside of safe spaces.
i missed the dick riding trump awards agian!  I wonder who got the best cuck award?
         \n         \n        .\nThe MEXICAN nationalist.
I don't watch ESPN anymore because since when is a sports network political TALK ABOUT SPORTS THATS WHAT YOUR THERE FOR like how stupid is ESPN they recently fired a guy for having the last name lee and it was apparently bad bc there was a confederate Robert E lee who was white and the lee on ESPN who was fired was Asian like he should sue ESPN for discrimination over a fucking last name he had no power in picking this is why America is so apart it's bc the liberals purposely do it and then blame us educated people and trump which btw isn't a racist all people who think he is need to get their heads out of there ass bc everything that the liberals use saying he is a racist is so out of context and misleading
You are all a bunch over over sensitive  millennials.  Congrats America, we are raising a bunch of pussies.
I want to raise funds for my SCI-FI film and this video indeed helped me alot...
mad max
Click video, dislike, move on.
good glad this happend to them !!! less wet backs coming to America too bad my baby daddy wasn't over there at that time.  
This attack in Law Vegas was caused by someone using scopolamine on the attacker. Scopolamine is a powerful drug that once inhaled or ingested, removes free will from the victim; rendering them susceptible to suggestion. Someone blew the drug in his face, and told him to fire on those people. There is even a testimony from an eye witness that said two Spanish people made threats to the people at the venue 45 minutes prior to the shooting. I don't know if this drug was ever used in the previous shooting, but I do know that only law abiding citizens follow laws. There's a lot of talk about gun control or tougher regulations, but I think the only way to curb gun violence is to make gun ownership mandatory. You carry your identification around with you, why not a tiny pistol for your own defense? Robbery, rape, murder, and harassment would all go down if criminals even had the notion that 90% of citizens they preyed upon were armed. If you're a feminist, you definitely should support gun ownership. Men give us a lot more respect when they see a holster hanging from our bra line beneath our blouse. They stare at our tits anyway. Might as well give them a warning that we are armed and willing to defend ourselves.
fuck you england you pig ass country. you're bullshitting. you just want to exploit people for cash the same way uber does. black cab drivers can sexually assault as well.
Protesting the fact that they've yet to turn-off every single one of their fans.
She's a professor with no class
Trump allways makes mastakes
Some people deserve to be struck by lighting twice people can't have sympathy for one damm moment\n\n\n#Stayproundmexico
Al jazeere trending wtf
SJW outrage... no one in the real world cares.
Paedowood!
Frida est hermosa, y su labor lo es an ms :3
all we have in Chicago is Gang Wars
Many men now mock and say that it is impossible for their women or drive \nBUT wake up it is 21 century \nWomen drive and it is not the end of the world \nThey will learn and everything will be fine
He was not alone.His father the devil was with him...
Cuteness overload.  RIP viewer
Plot twist... that's actually a woman in that costume
Please dump Meghan McCain.  She is horrible.
18:08 And up is all about gun control .
What can anyone find wrong with this woman? She could eat 2 entire boxes of crackers in my bed anytime even if half of the crumbs got on me! Lovely. Not like so many American women that go to Mcdonalds 3-4 times a day and are SLOBS.
please use motion vibration ( used in car security ) to atleast figure in initial stage that their is an earthquake wether than wasting time with talking to each other there is an earthquake or not
NO! The CIA did
All i gotta say is look at the movie shooter. Same set up!!!
We should help out commonwealth. America first and I believe that includes territories.\nNow I know some people will get pissy about Trump but I think that if we want to keep our land we should maintain it then.
The first amendment guarantees the freedom of expression. Trumps argument is void, and I think its hilarious to see him try to dig himself out of it. Regardless, its bad because its just a news stunt to keep everyone distracted from national/international news that actually matters and can have negative connotations on us.
Stupid Catalonia must be driven out Spain and isolated. Earlier stupid British voted for Brexit. Stupid folks must receive what they deserved.
This is sad, Houses destroyed, 23 lives taken away. I'm not that far from Santa Rosa. I sure hope they stop this.
Japan here I come
Make no mistake, this came from a place of loathing and anger.\n\nMaking this so very very much the better.
Bleesed our president is! Rise n honor the men n women who serve n Especially 2 those who sacrificed ther lives 2 preserve our freedom. N make sports possible!
For all the people saying 'Don't automatically assume it is muslims' or 'you don't know if it was a Muslim' actually, it's been revealed on the news today that it WAS a Muslim, from Iraq so stfu it always is Muslims, I don't know why people are always protecting them and trying to act like they're so innocent, when they're obviously not...
Some of the worst logic Ive seen in a while.
The appeal to me was always in the name. It *felt* subversive compared to the painting. It felt like the artist wanted me to find something that might not be so obvious by just glancing at it.\n\nI guess he was. And the time I spent analyzing the painting only to realize it was right there the whole time.
Fuck this dumb Bitch and trump
#ProfessorLivesMatter
Hey Jane, exactly what or who did Donald Trump abuse? Cause the last time I checked, all he did was mention something to someone off the cuff and was recorded without his knowledge. On the other hand, Bill Clinton actually did take advantage of an intern in the damn oval office. No mention of that Jane? You sided with the communists in the 60's and you have been one ever since. I have no respect for you. Young women got raped because you kept your mouth shut because you didn't want to loose your money stream. WHO ARE YOU TO BE TELLING ANYONE HOW TO BE. GO BACK INTO THE HOLE YOU CRAWLED OUT OF.
#NotAllJuggalos
how come you hardly see any black playboy models? mainly all white.. majority lol
Puerto Rico has upwards of 3.4 million people there, they would have more house reps than Vermont, Maine, and Nebraska. Not to mention the 2 senators. Yet instead they are a territory that gets taxed on average 18% higher than the national average in the US. Taxation without representation.
Diggn...right ur..but I say hoax..sandy hook..pulse nightclub..dallas..london,ft Lauderdale airport..etc..all with CRISES ACTORS and their employment listed from a firm that hires...as is this Las Vegas hoax..its ALL gun confications and having u not habe assess to any then the big down down the road where u wait on the help which never will suffix.you are your own self protection as forefathers let you have..they are chippn  away at it
I see double..
Excellent work
them babies sang their hearts out
Youre representing your corporate donors.
Don't worry another similar  mob will step in to satisfy the penny pinchers.
if this cop here burning all this stuff took that same attitude towards racism nobody will be nailing but don't nobody want to talk about that and if he's such a good cop, bad cop do stuff you should say stuff turn them in so burn your tickets you dumbass here burning all this stuff took the same your tickets you dumbass
Demonacracy
MY AUNT TOOK THAT VIDEO!!! 0:52
She's an Islamic Professor. She doesn't like dogs. Period.
How's there's only like 4 people left in cuba
The rich have a moral obligation to help the poor because it is physically impossible for everyone to be rich. Despite what the American has told you, not everyone can be rich. In a sense, capitalism is about inequality and the fact that rich cannot exist without the poor. In simple mathematical terms, if I take all the apples, then I am rich in apples but that also means that everyone else has a paucity of apples. There is a fixed amount of wealth in the country and it is distributed unevenly. We are not arguing for a complete overhaul of the system and communism but rather a more linear distribution. In the long term, the wealth gap can actually lead to economically decline, for how do CEOa expect the common man to buy their commodities if they have little capital? This is partly the reason why the Depression hit so hard in the 1930s. Companies produced too much and sucked the general populace dry through the new system of credit and when wealth no longer flowed like water in a river, a drought occurred.
Hollywood is disgusting and Stelter is a cuck
putting the trouble to danley now because paddocks is dead? 
I respect all the NFL players who defended their rights, took a knee or stayed in the locker room during the national anthem, and stoop up to idiot Trump
So old and ugly.
These people don't pay your bills. I don't know why people idolize them.
Fake
Fox News in the trending section? Inconceivable!
Amazing man. THANK YOU
Obviously Growing Up In The Home Of A KKK MEMBER, his Father Fred Trump, an Infamous Aryan Supremacist SCUMBAG is Relevant!
There are similarities and differences here... The similarities  are that both sides want to change you like a remix ... The difference is that after the change the unenlightened are done and the enlightened want to raise you like a Phoenix. Change you like a remix and raise you like a Phoenix.
Of course the rich elite don't wanna lose all their slaves and couch potatoes. Rich people, poor people, corrupt bureaucrats, criminals, illegals..... all hate the middle class, tax payers. And why not, the middle class is shrinking faster than ever. America will be like Venezuela sooner or later.
There's a lot of butt hurt white trash folks in the comment sections, give it up already trump is a loser and everyone knows it except you idiotic crackerers
It took me a long time to like hugh hefner.
*2.5k Subscribers in under a month!* Check my channel out :) Let's help us small YouTubers grow!
Its al bit of win fs
Who is more patriot? Few NFL player don't follow flag ceremony or our president sleeping with enemy and bring KGB through back door to the white house ,last four generations has fight for our freedom and he wants to sold out to same enemy!!!!!!!!!
w t f
thats the most american video ever lol
I think the kneeling thing is rather stupid and immature, but men and women died to protect the constitution and people's freedoms. Those freedoms include protest. President should be frying bigger fish than giving these fools the attention they crave.
so thats why kylie is not there. congrats kylie for being preggo!
F'n tards, both of them.
Trumps exposing these crooked politicians for what they are. And they aren't Happy about it. Both sides are shady and Republicans thought trump was going to be a yes man. Backfired on them.
in 10:23 you can see near the red zone bethesda. i see what you did there
I had no idea Franco was such an unrivalled dickhead.
That is the almost exactly where the little boy was hit\n\n\n\n\n\n
OMG NOT THE PROFESSOR ! lol
This woman is so delusional,  if you want the reason, LOOK IN THE MIRROR!
Can you add subtitles to this video please?
N people get exactly what they deserve one way R another!!!
My family live near there so I thought they got hit but they didn't feel anything. My prayers out to the people that had to feel this terrible quake
You lost because Democrats were disgusted by you, that's why thousands didn't vote.
megyn kelly really sucks...more and more...pretty amazing redford's gone from media recluse to showing up on day time chat shows...getting older made even the sundance kid come in from the cold...
I get chills each time I watch this beautiful video. Thank you all for bringing hope to this world and inspiring those that are beat down to continue to rise up against adversity.
6:35 maybe because when you invest in real estate, you are gambling in your money and you could lose than someone who is guaranteed a set anount of salary each month. You pay higher because you arent gambling your money.
Lord God , Mueller please hurry up America is on the brink
Religion of pieces strikes again! Cute.
watch some more here http://yobuilder.com/AoHH
On average, Magnitude 2 and smaller earthquakes occur several hundred times a day world wide. Major earthquakes, greater than magnitude 7, happen more than once per month. Great earthquakes, magnitude 8 and higher, occur about once a year\n\nIts not God. Its the actual fault lines.
In the end its all up to you if you like a movie
Government paid her 100k to keep her mouth shut smh
Fucking sandniggers
Megyn is seemingly horrible. Go back to Fox now that your nemesis is dead.
Did you see that fat ASSHOLE take a knee in DC, she is still trying to get up. LOL
something needs to get fixed ASAP. That was laser fast and no way can be caught, especially by a toddler ??? put some more nets all over for these laser shots so it would take us longer to catch the balls that go over the net, and we have more time to react to it.
NFL PHONE NUMBER...Call and protest this atrocity!!!\n212-450-2000
This country needs tax cuts
SETH RICH SETH RICH SETH RICH
I remember when Don Zimmer got hit in the head with a foul ball when he was seated in the dugout. Just goes to show the ball can find ANYBODY that's not paying attention.
Damn vox maybe better than genius if they keep this up
They really need to come up with better scripts for their crisis actors. It's getting more ridiculous every time they stage an attack.
it's  interesting to compare witch news caster can tell about the dirty laundry best, they are making bank with lots of overtime.
I have a feeling that a strong leader is coming to take the reins of the UK soon. I don't who it will be, I just have a feeling about it.
Surprise surprise. It's the same circle jerk of ultra liberal celebrities. I hope they didn't give the black guys awards just for being black, but I wouldn't put it past them. I think the like to dislike ratio here speaks for itself.
@BenMC - This is bull crap - Maybe in the islands but not in Florida. My kid is in Naples getting hit hard right this minute but no deaths have been reported except before the storm in the US he fell off a ladder... So where did all these people die at and did they drown or get hurt. I don't want to see your video because it is a bunch of lies if you claim that 1,000's of people died in Florida - THAT IS A LIE - TOTAL LIE - 1000's are not dead!
Prayers to Mexico
What's up Emma
I can't decide who the bigger pussies are; the cop who waddles in and goes straight for the taser, or the six guys standing there waiting for a lone cop to break it up.\n\nJesus Christ, just pull him off. They're redneck wannabe race car drivers,  not X-Men.
At the dirt track this happens everytime
Fuck them beaners
Russian bots are commenting supporting Catalina's independent lol
Good for Sean happy he is done with that terrible job. I'm glad he was a good sport.
This country, your country, our country is doomed
Can't believe these morons are whinging. This is multiracialism - Enjoy ha ha
Thoughts and prayers to the people of Mexico.\n\n#dontforgetaboutme
Emma stone still looking super cute lol
Lol all these conservecunts complaning about another conservecunt being on a trending page and calling it a liberal conspiracy. You can't be more retarded than this, even the Fucking name of the channel has the word conservecunt
This guy is my God \nr.i.p Hef
I seen two different versions of this interview wtf this is so sick & evil
As these atrocities continue. Their plan has backfired. As we as a collective are choosing to focus on the best of humanity. We are rising above the violence and focusing on the AMAZING LOVE, COURAGE, COMPASSION AND HONORING ALL LIFE. THAT IS WHAT WILL PROPEL US PAST THIS AND OTHER PLANNED ATTACKS OF VIOLENCE, UNTIL WE ALL COME TOGETHER AND SAY NO MORE. Until then I would advise against public gatherings for the next few months as these energies increase intensity and more unbalanced individuals will lose their sh##. There is a divine plan however and EACH of us has the capacity to be an Earth Angel. THANKU however, for focusing on  the best of what we can be in these situations. BEAUTIFUL!! It is ONLY when we all realize we are one, and all connected, will we all rise above these horrific acts. Oh n outing our government might help too..  lol.. just sayin.. \nSo very much luv to all!!\nStay safe, stay aware, stay LOVING, COMPASSIONATE, COURAGEOUS, and HONEST to urself n each other. 
hey guys, earthquakes can be man made
Something spells really fishy. The fake news is real, first she was in Japan, Australia, now its Philippines. Another video ago couldn't make up its mind, girlfriend, wife, roommate etc.
Hint hint??? based on true story anyone rember the movie BETRAYED 1987- las vegas but flip the roles and instead of a female agent its a mail and the group commies/ISIS ?
Bannon was right on the money! Funny Liberals trying to play all moral, and high. You people talk about blind loyalty, what about supporting Hilary? You liberals are out of touch with reality!
God Bless President Donald J Trump.    He is talking directly to politically correct morons that UNBELIEVABLY finds a way to defend , disrespecting their own  American Flag..........mentality beyond the ridiculous............ YOUR FIRED!!!!!!!!!
Again, ,Southwest cowers instead of standing up to unruly passengers. Why in the world would you apologize ? This is so disrespectful to your staff and the police. Southwest Social Media Department...Are you reading this? We know you follow all social media . All the airlines do and then cower.
She thinks my tractor is sexyyyyy. It really turns her on
Someone definitely took someone else's dog home that day.
wheres the video, feed, pics?? yawns at conference... what a waste of 5 hours
Just when man thought they were superior to nature.....
Isn't immigration wonderful
giant water features in the middle of a river???
My brother lives super close to there
So Trump is just lawless!
Mexico just got fucking merked
I'm.. I'm confused.
INSUREIT.BONUS.VACATION see ya suckas
Alright. Enough. Sit down so we can stand up again shortly. Dude wasn't shot.
He should have been left in prison to die. I hope 2017 is the final year of this monsters life
And thats how we found out that we were atlantis the whole time\n\n\n\n\n\nBut we dont want to be fish people thats is why they are trying to fix this
the establishment swine want to piss in Trumps face over his support of the 2nd amendment and put a ban on guns.
Calling this a false flag is so incredibly disrespectful to the friends and family members of those who were killed in this terrible event
I like this dude
Thanks Obama, fucking liberals!
Oh soo coincidental. Weather warfare, Geo engineering. There are patents. Look them up
the chinese guys reaction was priceless,  made my day Xd
LOOK at the CAMERA DANG IT.. your so nervous... we smell B.S.. something is not right.. your nervousness says it all.. .. calming the public  ?? Wow.. pupet!!!
I like the kardashians they came along way and I think Kim is super pretty I will say this tho yes Kylie made a billion dollar company at 19 but also we need to remember that they were famous before her company and she already had 90 million followers no regular 19 year old at 19 would have been able to do that in such a quick amount of time that's if your not a huge famous celebrity but still Kylie is doing her thing and she's successful at it I love all of them there defenitly hard workers
WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK
GODDAMN ANOTHER HURRICANE
ITS ALL ABOUT MONEY.. NOT ABOUT QUALITY....JUST LIKE THE USA.. WHAT A JOKE
https://www.amazon.com/Do-Believe-Magic-johnathon-Earl/dp/1977686044/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1507001881&sr=8-11&keywords=i+do+believe+in+magic
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 
if real crack happens, everyone will laugh and happily die.
... Come on Jane! - everyone in Hollywood knows this has been happening to women in the entertainment industry for so many years. It was even happening before, during & after your own father's career time  ... Bill Clinton got impeached for his sex scandal, BUT, got away with it Jane - WTH?!?!  ... (I'm not a Demo or Repub but I vote).
trump should ask Colin Kaepernick for his birth certificate just to make sure he was born in  America
Negros are stupid. This country will fall apart once people start acting like this. Once every ounce of respect is gone. Negros are just mad they can't get their shit together so they try to destroy what others have built. If they can't have it, no one can.
awesome, its a shame people don't see the awesome work nasa does
Cute!!
Yet - he disrespects the Office of the President by acting the way he does?.......when are WE going to fire him?
And they say African-Americans are the problem
Rip UK
Well said.  Let's have a national kneeling and protest the NFL
Alright come on guys. Y'all going to in on my man. Respect him. U don't have to agree with him but don't be mean.
FREAKS ON PARADE. especially baldwin and his birth control. orange wig? what
Thumbs up for Alan :)
Donald Trump caused this
When you realize today is 9/11
why this mom didn't stop her child
So there's are fire going on?
In Australia: 13 gun massacres in 18 years prior to the gun-buyback.  In the 15 years after the gun-buyback there have been 0.\n\nWhile 13 gun massacres (the killing of 4 or more people at one time) occurred in Australia in the 18 years before the NFA, resulting in more than one hundred deaths, in the 14 following years (and up to the present), there were no gun massacres.\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA (1989-1995), the average annual firearm suicide death rate per 100,000 was 2.6 (with a yearly range of 2.2 to 2.9); in the seven years after the buyback was fully implemented (1998-2004), the average annual firearm suicide rate was 1.1 (yearly range 0.8 to 1.4).\n\nIn the seven years before the NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate per 100,000 was .43 (range .27 to .60) while for the seven years post NFA, the average annual firearm homicide rate was .25 (range .16 to .33).\n\nThe drop in firearm deaths was largest among the type of firearms most affected by the buyback.\n\nhttp://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/gun-control-australia-updated/
And of course the ball had to go straight to her out of all those people!
Damn. Raise your hand if you have a college degree.......An associates doesn't count. If you do, then you should know that he is telling the truth. It is out of context, but it is the truth.
Soo only baseball, basketball, and football players can fight on the field with norepercussions.I'd like to see that happen on a NFL field.
Anonymous Father's Day is a documentary about the ethics of sperm donation. Specifically, it argues that conceiving a child through a sperm donor is a violation of children's rights. I'm interested to know if any of these children from this Inside Edition segment would agree with the assertions made in the documentary and/or the views held by organizations like Anonymous Us or Them Before Us.
BBC propaganda
It did trumps dirty work
Ay wey
Kendall girl calm down, no one is fighting with you
https://goo.gl/JGR9AL make money!
They gassed this hurricane up like it was bouta be the end of florida. The News Hyping it up like florida wasnt going to be on the map anymore
Off with her head!
45 is a BITCH.. You see me..
Leave this on every video to spread love. #PrayforVegas
Converting to Islam in times like these automatically makes you special. We need to help people find better ways to instantly participate in a social life rather than Islamic extremism.
God bless the readers of this comment. I bring you the good news of the gospel of Christ. Jesus Christ (God in the flesh / Gods son and 2nd in the Holy trinity )Loves you more Than we humans can imagine! The true and only living God created mankind for us to love and be loved by him. But man went astray following Satans crafty lies and causing sepetation from man and God. From mankind and salvation from Sins power. The wages of sin is eternal death and damnation. Satan fell from Gods Love and Grace and became envious and corrupted by sin. God banished satan and his Angels that followed after him and created for them an eternal seperation from light and and God. Hell. Satan deceived man and made him to fall into the same sin he did and has been deceiving mankind since the beginning of creation. Satan rules this world through sin and all those who follow after this world and sinful ways will go down to the pit with their master satan. But praise be unto God!! For he saw mans affliction and with the greatest display of TRUE LOVE he made a way for us to be freed from sins damnation and power. JESUS CHRIST lived a perfect sin free life(The only human to ever do so) Scripture says he was a man and was tempted with like pleasures as we are. Even more so for satan sought always to destroy him and to make him stumble. BUT CHRIST Did not stumble! He pushed on through the pain and he took upon Himself the iniquity and sin of all mankind! He became cursed for us and took our punishment! He was ridiculed, beaten and mocked. He was perfect and loved even those who crucified him and yet he was and is to this day hated slandered and despised by mankind. All those who walk in the darkness hate the light says the scriptures. He was tortured beyond that of any man so that he was unrecognizable says the book of Isaiah.He was then crucified on the cross and died carrying upon himself the sin of all people! Father forgive them for they know not what they do were the words of Christ well hanging on the cross being mocked by his enemies and murderers. He died on the cross and was taken 3 nights and 3 days into hell. But being of no sin himself he condemned sin in the flesh defeating sin and it's power of death by RISING FROM THE DEAD AND ASCENDING UNTO THE FATHER!!! Praise Jesus! The Lord was with his disciples 40 days after rising from the dead and was seen by over 500 witness. He then told his disciples he must go unto to the father so the the HELPER (HOLY SPIRIT OF GOD. #3 in the holy trinity)may come upon them and unto all men. So now all mankind now had a way to be saved from hell and sin and death and to be loved eternally by a perfect creator in heaven for ever! The bible says this. Romans 10:9 That if thou wilt confess with your mouth thatJesus is lord and believe in your heart that God hath raised him from the dead, you shall be saved John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son. So that whosever believe that in him ,shall not perish but have eternal life 1John 1:9 If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousnesswas Acts 1:8  But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth. We must then continue in His ways! Follow God with all your heart and lean not unto your own understanding.\nPut your faith in Christ today and pray this prayer with all your heart!\nFather, I know that I have broken your laws and my sins have separated me from you. I am truly sorry, and now I want to turn away from my past sinful life toward you. Please forgive me, and help me avoid sinning again. I believe that your son, Jesus Christ died for my sins, was resurrected from the dead, is alive, and hears my prayer. I invite Jesus to become the Lord of my life, to rule and reign in my heart from this day forward. Please send your Holy Spirit to help me obey You, and to do Your will for the rest of my life. In Jesus' name I pray, Amen.\nJesus is coming very soon! The scriptures say so to those who have ears to hear and the signs say so to those who have eyes to see! Be blessed in Christs peace of eternal life!The rapture(harpazo) is imminent!! Caught away in a flash will be the bride of Christ! The wise virgins! The True followers of Christ will be taken into heaven in glory with Jesus Christ and then this world will get very bad. The book of Revelation will tell you. Put your faith in Christ now! You do not want to be here for the Anti christs reign and Gods wrath.\nJesus bless all of those who read this in your name Jesus Amen!Maranatha
This man got away with objectifying women because he's a peace of shit Democrat! It's ok for him to literally grab ladies by the pussy. Fuck you Liberals! I hope your boy died a slow painful death. The feminist are so sad it's funny how feminist love this man that objectified women
We've kind of learned to live with it.  Spoken like a true Jerry.  I just kept crawling, and it kept working.

Prince Harry....Prince Charming! 
the word #Terrorism is defined by the violent act that US Government took to invade and destruct Afghanistan, Iraq, Libyia, Syria and many more middle east nations and Ultimatly to Iran and establish puppet government, complete control on oil and gas resource and world economic Control
Wow, look at those fucking terrorists.
Lol it's only cause tfl are not making money from there taxis
WOW! i really feel for you all
*Someone gets so startled they fall off the edge*
This really change my point of view on guns
Is is just me but does anyone find it so so tacky when people refer to their work as an empire\n\nLike the kardashians coined that word but if anything the hiltons have a way bigger empire and don't even call their brand that yet ironically have way more wealth\n\nNothing wrong with having a lot of money and a brand but I just find it so so tacky and pretentious when people say my empire or building an empire I criiiinge
inside job
What!? Does this guy even know the lyrics?
How is this trending with so much dislike mark dice get 2x the view and likes on his channel
in Metacritic we trust
Gosh they are all so plastic. Kim's lips don't move!!!  They are all sitting there with all this stuck up glam crap. 
So, let me get this straight.  One white guy shoots up a bunch of other white people with weapons that a Congress almost completely full of white people made sure he could buy... but somehow it's Colin Kaepernick's fault?  \nWow. Fuck you Pat Robertson.
Passing an agenda by having a unified ....what? Ryan just collects a free paycheck and laughs at everyone.
Surprised he didn't get shot out of the sky...
Rip Tom Petty we will miss you terribly my condolences for the family a legend to be remembered forever in our hearts sad !we love you Tom Petty!
it's  interesting to compare witch news caster can tell about the dirty laundry best, they are making bank with lots of overtime.
Elon Musk is on it
Was the referee a coward (scared) or bribed? The goal keeper clearly committed a foul in the goal area and it was seen by the referee, and it should have been a penalty and the keeper should have been shown the 'Red Card'. This does not look good for the reputation of all match officials.
A lot of the girls I've fallen in love with. What's love got to do with it? Orwellian dementia.
Yeah exsept fuck freedom of speech when players wanted to honor 911 victims and the 5 dallas cops who were assassinated. You leftist are fucking disgusting humans. I hope trump cracks down on everything liberal.
At least he does not need Viagra to get stiff anymore.
At this very moment they are trying to rescue school children who are trapped in their schools rubble. Let's hope they get out safe
wow, about time some good news in the world,
*build a country that works for rich people
Like if Goldman is not a criminal
Kill hitler or stop the Mad Man
Free
It's funny how people who don't know anything about baseball are arguing that baseball should be safer. If you use physics to calculate the angle the ball was hit and the velocity of the ball, then you may or may not have ample time to react. Yes it's sad that the toddler got hit, but they can't put up nets that are X feet tall. That just eliminates foul balls which can drastically change baseball. MLB always made the stadiums put on their tickets that foul balls and bats will be thrown accidentally into the crowd. Anyone attending the game are accepting that risk so that means that MLB and/or the stadium can't get sued. It's that simple. If you get hit, then that just really sucks for you, but no one should be blamed for any of it because it is, again, AN ACCIDENT.
How many times do you think he dropped the soap or got behind an inmate who dropped the soap?
Built near the San Andreas fault.\nHope it's earthquake proof.
Remember, no russian.
FBI is now trying to pin this shooting on someone!
So Uber are paying Youtube to put these stories on trending? There's 3 of them, come on. This really isn't a big deal. \nI would say it ucks for the immigrant Uber driver, cuz they will have to go back maybe but to be fair London seems a seperate community to the rest of England so maybe they can stay and just claim benefits like their wives probably do. \nLet's hope this gets sorted out, we wnt peoplpe from wherever working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYXJf418epE&t=173s
I don't know him
First Catalonia\nNext Galicia \n\nSpain is falling apart ...they need to focus on unity and establishing a better gov for all \n\nCatalonia should have more say in the country, instead of just being used as a money hub for the rest of spain \n\nCatalonia gives more than what it receives in billions of euros...thats not cool
Open Borders and Empathy for Terrorist does Not keep them from Killing You. #DrainTheSwamp
I believe in two things: the First Amendment and boobs.  That's three things.
Sic perv jew
Just reminds you that we pay these people way to much money. Money that could go towards people who actually care about the country and fight or die to keep it safe.
Simple times. Lack of annoying whiney crybabies and lazy wimpy fem boys.
Can't wait for a movie to be made on this mission!
{33}                         \nAnd stay quietly in your houses, and make not a dazzling display, like that of the former Times of Ignorance: and establish Regular Prayer, and give Regular Charity; and obey Allah and His Messenger. And Allah only wishes to remove all abomination from you, ye Members of the Family, and to make you pure and spotless.
Never heard chris rock say that but its so true
This broad needs to get laid
Who doesnt like free things? I have been playing this game verydice from the app store, and have ordered 5 things for Christmas so far. I've only been playing a month! All you do is roll dice and collect tickets. Everything ships free from amazon and does not even require cc info. There are diapers, tools, toys, electronics, car seats, novelty, adult, and food plus much more.. Pretty much anything from Amazon. If you use my code 572880 you will start with 50 rolls and I will get 30. This is definitely helping me with Christmas so I thought I'd share to help someone else out :) if you have any questions message me and I will give you some tips and hints to getting the most tickets possible..
They both very HOT!!! 
are fans really safe in the stands? stfu its baseball there is always a chance if you don't like it then watch at home
Mother Nature is aborting her unwanted children. It's legal in Mexico.
So many people in the comments have shown us that they haven't worked with kids. XD Of course he knew the girl was swiping his popcorn, that's kinda' a duh.
Comments filled with white people thinking they decide what is and isn't racist towards black people.
This from a man (and use that term loosely) who 5 or 6 times refused to respect the flag and country by coming up with excuses as to why he couldn't (more like wouldn't) serve his country.
you hate american freedom
The US shoulda annexed the DR when we had the chance 
This has banner ads on it
This nigga lit as fuck
Love Steve Bannon!!!
You. guys. can. let. this.  Fucking.  Guy. out.  but.  you. can't. let. Charlie. Manson. &  Family.  members.  out.  that's. Bullshit.   O. J.  Sucks
Wwwwaaatttccchhh mmmmyyyy vvviiidddeeeooosss!!!!!
Who is filming this and why .
I think Boris should be Primeminister
Look at this idiot defending a monster who massacred people as if he was a hero. Guess what?? Your fffking brother was a psychopath and he did what he wanted to do
This video is cancer, you sound like you live in your moms basement, get a job and stop saying how rap is a different type of masculinity because it's not, it's just a music preference
This is so bogus. I feel so bad for the Shariff, he is just the FBI's puppet at this point.
Brad Pitt did defend his woman. \n\nBut Cleorge Gooney, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were all enablers.
I would of flew to Mexico and transfer my 100k and start a new like 
No black person sees this ad as racist except those who count the French fries at McDonald's and cry because yesterday they 24 French fries and today it was 23
Fully automatic rifles are NOT illegal. Hey Paul Ryan, why dont you morons on Capitol Hill worry about tax reform and healthcare???\nEVERYONE AT THE CAPITAL SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE.... TERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
That's creepy, I was just at the Life Is Beautiful Festival last week and noticed people watching the festivities from the tall condo building.
I think it's done for
It'samusing how many moreJuggalosthere were than attendees of the pathetic so-called Mother of all Rallies. The Juggalos even have a good case, how are fans of musicians considered gang members? If Juggalos are a gang then what do you call the Deadheads? Throwing the gang label on groups that aren't actually a criminal group will erode the meaning of the word, these guys aren't even close to the same thing as Bloods, Crips or MS-13. Leave the Juggalos alone.
Good Get him out, you're fired hahaha
This is trending. wOw whAt A wAcKy WorLD wE LiVE iN
finally Khloe gets to meet her dad
so is mrs may going to close our borders and cut off the oppressors? or are we weak? our own special forces are the ones that   should be fighting terrorism1 check out  the iranian embassy siege. a few s.a.s soldiers dealt with it but maybe thats why they are nt being used
Give Trump a chance! I'm not a supporter but his a human being. We all make mistakes.
its not even real or happening to me but im getting ANXIETY just thinking about that
She is a complete liar.  No way this happened without her involvement.  It is said she is Australian Antifa.  Pinay can be very good liars, but hopefully, she gets tripped up!  She was a hotel prostitute by the very position she held.  Now there are reports of multiple husbands, what a piece of work!
Go TRUMP
When you're trying to eat healthy but can't resist the pull of junk food
Yay anti-American liberal elites talk down to and shit on the working class half of the country.
Why are the authorities showing the VIDEO SURVEILLANCE footage from the Hotel hallways showing the gunman toting all the weapons into the room..?  THERE IS NO REASON they can't show that.  It has no negative effect on the investigation whatsoever.  So........BLOOD in any photos of victims........and NO HOTEL FOOTAGE of gunman carrying in weapons.\nHMMMM...........amazing.   NO EVIDENCE this guy did anything at all.  Yet they tout him as the shooter.  I'm not buying it.
It's bad for CATALONIA, the world is changing !
https://youtu.be/zNqxUuyHFzc
It's hard to watch people dressed up as clowns trying to be serious
1 Like One Prayer
Nobody died , nobody cried 
good thing there is nothing out there for the storm to break
This was at my school but luckily I was on a different bus
Well done holding out 20yrs in all that radiation while the latest hi-tech Fukushima robots can;t last 20 minutes. Hmmm _strokes chin_
Be gracious to me, O God, be gracious to me, For my soul takes refuge in You; And in the shadow of Your wings I will take refuge Until destruction passes by.\n\nPsalm 57:1
evil
The Dogs they are learning.    Soon it will truly be a planet of dogs
Get over that Woman
She got the peoples eyebrow down to the T. The rock would be proud.
Lol he has some hot daughters
He looks like a character off The Sopranos
Praying for Mexico.
Biased video. Not all Dominicans are racist to Haitians. Dominican government is poor as well. We can't carry the burden of 2 poor countries. I'm a dual US/DR CITIZEN born and raised in New Jersey. VOX could make a second video speaking out about our own struggles in the Dominican Republic like corruption, femenicides, our bad drivers.
I came here because I read the headline about this and saw the outrage from many...but after watching it, she's clearly using sarcasm. It was kinda lame but shouldn't be considered offensive. I'm not a MK fan and despise her former workplace but this is much ado over nothing. That being said, she seems incredibly awkward as a talk show host, this probably won't last.
Oj is going to be staying with his soul brother Obama
Barbarians!
#Pray4LasVegas
Someone at the FBI must really hate ICP. These people are not a gang and should not be considered one
Estelle please keep these videos coming
'PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY' I'm sure the flight attendant said that over the speakers...

*America is a horror story!*
Time for Dump to pretend he gives a shit
Bob Odenkirk - 35.10\nJames Corden - 55.42
AS A WOMAN REEEEEEEEEEEE
A couple of days ago I read an article online warning about something was going to happen in or near Vegas and to stay away. This event is exactly what the government wants, needs, and helps organizing. It wants you to give them the means and right to bring the police state upon you. Don't fall for it!
How Racism affects people. Not some race card. Real life effects.
This clown is right in sync with  President Grab'em By The Pussy Trump!
Never have I heard so many words said and so little substance contained therein
Goodman! I been there
more of a petition than a vote
It seems like these idiots are protesting anything and everything they find disagreeable.  Sounds like these snowflakes think they can use there job as a podium.   These people are privileged as they are athletes and not anyone can be an athlete.  Just dumb and pointless that people would even listed to these dumb dumbs.  I mean have you ever heard them talk? They all have degrees but most of them cant speak English properly or even articulate the words correctly.  I mean these people are just dumb...
Seeing obnoxious children do this makes me pissed
And the kike media, including Stelter, protected Weinstein for years and CONTINUE to do so.
#RENO911\n#INCOMPETENCE \nVEGAS MEDICAL STAFF IS SUSPECT
4:39\nWhile I agree that there's some difference between the enjoyment among the variants, I'm just wondering what the y-axis even means. The range is less than 0.4 points and there's no indication of what the maximum would be, be it 5, 10, or otherwise.
Oj didn't kill anybody but he might knows who killed his wife
Activate Your Higher Mind  Subconscious Programming | Success | Happiness | Abundance | Prosperity >> https://t.co/oNNV1B50yD
no matter how many women and how much money he had, he finally died.
to all the family's
8:28 I say I've heard just as much as of Russia, as I've heard about her email server.
Lmao twice as many dislikes to likez
Dude .... do the Twilight Zone intro for me ... \nYou have the perfect voice and speech patterns to do it . \nIf I were you , I'd do a parody of it as an intro to all my videos .
         
Isn't mexico, like, Built on water
Why can't he just say job growth like our country hasn't seen or job growth unlike any our country has seen.... If he's trying to appeal to the masses, why does he repeatedly use the formal expression the likes of which? Even Winston Churchill famously said of such verbose phrasing, This is the kind of arrant pedantry up with which I will not put.
Never mind snottywood, what about the constant raping and abusing of children for their blood, so they can stay young and beautiful.\nI think you're lying Jane, about not knowing.\nJane, Jane, Jane.....calling out Trump.  It's Trump's fault again.  What about the Clinton's???????
Women need to be taken out of politics
Biarla dia nk amik skit,budak2 je pn
NK looks like a beautiful country that are way more advanced than many western countries. I can see why US is very bitter of them since it is a direct challenge to the message that the US gov wants its citizens to follow. NK may be the utopia for our current world. I hope they can defense themselves from the invaders and free the rest of the world from modern slavery.
I'm in Donegal and tbh it's not that bad
Idddubz new video got 4 mil and it hasn't even been a full day yet but this is on number 3 trending
Tout ce qui rend plus fort un peuple est dangereux pour les lites, faut harmonis tout ca, nations on mangeait les rgions, l'Europe a mangeait les nations et bientt un pouvoir mondial globalisera tout ca, tout les etres humains peut importe o il ce trouve seront au mme rgime et sans contestation possible, en gros c'est la merde
You know what? No. I'm not bothered by this one bit anymore. Airport security takes there jobs VERY seriously and people need to start respecting that. Air travel is a privilege, not a right. When airport security tells you to do something YOU. DO. IT. If you don't, they drag you off the plane kicking and screaming, simple as that. They deem you a threat, you're a threat. They deem you a nuisance, you're a nuisance. They're not just a bunch of thugs running around pulling whoever they feel like pulling off the plane.
Id hit that
:(
They dont mention its in Mexico because all the trump supporters will get mad and push dislike.
claims to be talking about two countries on a island.... ONLY  focuses on haiti... BIas Vox as usual
Not to worry, The Wall won't fall over
Megyn is the new Queen Bee of NBC great interviewer
Much Clown Luv!
That guys head is brighter than my future...
Nice Video! It deserves more attention - check out: U 2 B Z O N E .C O M - It will help you :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7UL1gTE--Y
This is a sign of the end times but ya know with all the beefing, fighting, arguing and hatred going around, events like this remind us that we're all human at the end of the day. We all are susceptible to suffering, death, all these things. We shouldn't treat other people like they are anything different from a friend. We all are the same at our core. Short, tall, black, white, Jewish, Asian anything. God loves us all the same.
Shouldn't they have a ref light on top of the live camera
He paid for them already anyways. Nfl got his money lol
Fuck the anthem
:(
Watch every Saudi woman pack her kids up and drive out of that shit hole country.  Thats why they cant travel without a male guardians permission is because Muslim men know these women would be gone. I hope all the Saudi  women run till they stop in a western country. Congratulations,  welcome to 2017!!!!!
*All the keyboards at CNN smell like Hillarys fingers now!*  #FISHY
Jews
How is it category 1?
*krusty krab pizza*
So sad to see mother nature destroy humans
*O O F
If you don't address that attacks like this are created by the whites behind the curtain, you will never ever be able to solve the issue. Addressing the root cause is key.
We will NOT watch football in my house until they stop disrespecting our flag and country and the lives that were lost defending our freedom
allergy aka Islam, she should be charged for radical islamic terrorism
thats not a hurrycane
My house burnt down 
Liberals have gone off the fucking deep end
Ahahaha that stupid woman standing there pointing at it.
GOOD RIDDANCE. DEAD CRIMINALS
Dem shits pretty dope
How much did this page have to pay to be included on the trending page? Trending by being up for 2 days with only 42k views and 1k comments? Not a chance.
Can any liberal have an intelligent conversation? Why does it always go to impeachment, racism, misogyny?
In tears so beautiful
Klumpen sagde ikke  and we love you . Det er der et eller andet Fjols som har sagt han ikke burde sige  . Det er foruroligende da det beviser benlys racisme . Mexico og Europa burde satse p strkere relationer og ignorere klumpen og hans tosser i fremtiden . Jeg hber at der kan komme konomisk hjlp til ofre og genopbygning ASAP . I skal bare sprge ok . Jeg er sikker p at der allerede er sendt hjlp . I skal passe p efterchock . Det er farligt men det ved i jo allerede i forvejen . Jeg er ked af at folk er dde og vi burde g mlrettet mod at bygge sikre bygninger i fremtiden .
Has she heard of Bill Clinton? 
G
The President should be supported by Ryan. Ryan failed in 2012. He still sounds disingenuine. Unemployment down, medical insurance will be available across state lines, tax reform being at least discussed, 4 major catatrophes in the last month handled, North Korea is being addressed instead of ignored, veterans services are being improved with technologies, etc. Good direction for the country
coincidental date or manufactured symbolism
My band teacher played this during class and I stared crying
WE NEED MORE EARTHQUAKES!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*it's not enough*
Maybe ill make a bump stock on my 3D printer dumb fuckers
Ban semi automatics that can be converted to automatics. A shotgun is enough for defense and hunting
Philippines has a history of Islamic terrorism and a large Muslim community. Not saying thats the case here but...
Maybe the man sitting next to her should pay attention. Duhhhh....let's take a little baby to a baseball game (first mistake).
I'm sure it helps that they are 0-3 and suck this year and are playing abysmally.
Gotta see this for sure!!
What a weak ass tap dance.
Where is Kylie???
Wat is da los.. mega sinnlos xD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCreM-X0yEg i wanna see this in songism
US history is more like white fake ass news.  we don't believe you, the moon landing hoax, the earth is flat and all A listers are trannies.
1:42 WTF is that a guy or an old granny
Now just think if the center of the quake had been in central Mexico City. The areas are built on clay and adobe. Its terrible. Have there been any fires burning in the city. This is going to be a terrible situation for a very long time. TRUMP DONT CARE ABOUT MEXICO CITY. Some of the people have not been accounted for. Please pray for Mexico as there will not be recovery from this for YEARS
I have a feeling that a strong leader is coming to take the reins of the UK soon. I don't who it will be, I just have a feeling about it.
ondolences to all people who lost loved ones in this terrorist attack. I am horrified by what happened to me this beloved city
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
*Are we going to acknowledge this gang beat the living shit out of people for different political beliefs with no provocation?*
Ay wey
I remember there was an earthquake in 2005 that killed 80,000 people. 80,000.
How is this funny?  Ever hear of Chinese lumber or steel being below par?
that's why i only watch boxing and the NBA
CAVUTO.....IT takes a STRONG LEADER to DIRECTLY be able to confront the CRAP we have in WASHINGTON DC........and WE ARE PROUD TO SAY....PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP WAS ELECTED TO DO JUST THAT!\n\nEXECUTION of those who have openly committed TREASON against this country is WHAT we want to SEE most of ALL....
If he was black, the comments would be TOTALLY different. Every stereotype under the sun would be spewed and no facts would be considered.
Get a bus pass you bunch of moaners.
What's the point of this building?
shooting accurately? your shooting into a crowd. it's like raining down not aiming down, dumbass.
Keep safe my friends....
You need a lot of training and even then accuracy can't be guaranteed. I hope those injured get well and families of those dead find closure
i feel like this also describes the rise of Mumble Rap
Put your hand upon my hip...when I (Sergio) Dipp you Dipp we Dipp
Hahahahaha\nAwesome Awesome Awesome\nSuch A Sweet Cheeksyy \nPrince Harry's Reaction On Childs Sweet Act Was As well Awesome He Didnt reacted on toddler's stealing of popcorn till he ran out of popcorn 
Family guy?\nAnyone?\nNo? Hahaha
TOOL!  MILK TOAST WEASEL
haha man these guys are so dumb.... trump should come out and brashly condemn cancer and see how many of these libtards come out in support of cancer
Coming Soon, \n\nApple Universe.
LOTS OF PRAYERS FOR YOU ALL
I dont get it alot of people are basicly saying its disrespectful and disgusting for practicing your first amendment right.\n But then again it's OK for most Americans to wear and entire flag printed shirt or have it on like plates or bikinis or undergarment items, or for some certain commercial brand item(example beer can with the whole can looking like our flag) cuz its American but still in direct code violation of what we can do with our flag ok...\nThere is a real code thing just look it up and you all will prly find it.
Damn this corrupted European government has been doing alot of killings since the beginning of this year i wonder whats next
Why so-many how to be a man video's nowadays? Oh, I know! Fatherless homes and chemicals have made what would've been men into fuckin pussy ass no daddy having lgbtwxyz  sick mofo's! 
The policeman should be arrested for trespassing on the track
His voice is very shaky and he can't seem to make eye contact with the crowd it seems like he is being insincere
Big F You to Megan ! I would've been pissed myself if trump told me that about my brother especially right after his death! I'm very sorry for your loss to his family may god bless you I know this is the toughest road you'll take it's been 9 years since my brother lost his life at war and everyday it gets harder ! I will continue to pray for your family .
Yeah but they didnt have to keep touching her tho
Jews. need. to. let this. OJ. bullshit. go....DITTO. for. the. Holocaust...... like. THEY. say... Just. get. over. it. already!!!!!!
Actually Hurricane Ophelia will save lives... More people would die by driving around... Everyone stays home, no one gets killed... Especially since the Irish all insist on driving on the wrong side of the road... which they will tell you is the right way... but its on the left... all very confusing... I thought they were joking... but even worse, they put the steering ting on the wrong side of the car... which really is the right side... but I thought they were having me on so I gave it up an' took the bus an' closed me eyes...
Looks like a trailer park in texas after a small tornado.
What happened? The European plague is what...
What the fuck ! Recruitment ! Are you fucking serious ! Who is this dumbass
Literally made me cry. So amazing. Heartfelt and genuine. So amazing.
Love to you all!
The fact that the disguise didn't raise any alarms says it all. He fit right in. 
They made Atticus say Calpurina's dialog? 
I see mental disease. too much guile in their mouths. very sad people.
I lost faith in my country after Sandy Hook. Nothing is going to change. This is just the way America is.
If everybody were atheist, this wouldn't be happening.
I'm glad that Seth took a swing at Weinstein and can see in his facial expression the disgust he has for him.
fucking shit stupid idea
D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE D ROSE
Oof
That's what Obama does for hobby!
In the words of the poet Lil Pump:\n\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose\n80 on my wrist, 100 on my wrist\n80 on my wrist, 100 on my wrist\n80 on my wrist, 100 on my wrist\n80 on my wrist, 100 on my wrist\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose\nD Rose, D Rose, D Rose, D Rose
That Men is the devil
 \n  .\n  http://c.twkv.ru/hqpq
oh the irony that you saying that this is a fireable offense is in fact a fireable offense
How much did this page have to pay to be included on the trending page? Trending by being up for 2 days with only 42k views and 1k comments? Not a chance.
At least they removed the right .
Kylie was handed the business...if it were anyone else with no fame it takes hard work and dedication something you know nothing about Kendell!!! You too were handed a modeling career!
This congresswoman should resign she is so disrespectful and trying to use the race card
I am with the football players
Wow when will we all just accept that Hillary lost and Trump won?
45 is a BITCH.. You see me..
Why is this trending with 1k up votes and 4k downvotes fucking youtube.
WOW J LOST A LOT OF WEIGHT!!
Nice target for missiles.
I m going to send clothes to these unlucky family. Do U know the address where I can send ? Thx
Isn't that railing a bit low...........................
Like I get that everything that happened was legal, but like how could anyone treat another person like that? Like not only the cops but the other passengers were so rude.
Great fucking work! Keep it up.
You know the smell of burning *FLESH*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe police are coming so I have to go now 3:42
You should always have your lawyer on speed dial
He should have been left in prison to die. I hope 2017 is the final year of this monsters life
Freemason Communist Dog
https://www.gofundme.com/help-my-family-evacuate
These buildings are from city skylines
Only 10 people dead? That's not too bad. It's sad for everyone who has to start over in life. Because I know that can be frustrating and emotional. But I was expecting like hundreds of people to die
4:43 min low key brag on how rotten tomatoes listens to your critic. Congrats... and wtf
hopefully they dont kill her, like they did her boyfriend, they set up the wire transfer just to make it look more suspicious
Racist don't like to be called racist.
All of California should burn tbh, finally get rid of the Leftists Jews using Hollywood to brainwash white women to race mix and promote liberal degeneracy
Because $100 gets you 25+ guns and tons of ammo, and a lifetime of experience on evading the police, that take an hour to get to you. Sure....
if real crack happens, everyone will laugh and happily die.
Me when the teacher drops a surprise math quiz!!! 0:04
I guess the Riz Ahmed win wasn't a highlight
Cool! We have one in Grant Hall at NIU. :) They took down one of the signs, and I wish I could have bought the sign.
Santa maria , pinta and nina ahahahahahahaha\nIt's the justice for native amerindiens , black people etc etc
I just left the horrible side of YouTube. I really needed this video.
CNN = Corrupt News Network #FakeNews
Guy died in his arms and he carried his friend with 3 gun shot wounds to the chest but no blood on him and super calm!
Jemille Hill is an idiot & should be fired. Media has brainwashed black people to keep them on the democrat plantation where they are kept in perpetual victimhood, poor & dependent on govt. sick!
GO AWAY YOU USELESS TRAITOR !!!!!!!!
Heaven doesn't exis-
I thought this administration was a big defender of freedom of speech?  I thought it was only liberals hurt by offensive remarks?  I thought conservatives hate PC culture?\n\nApparently the right is just a bunch of babies who are happy to point out when the left overreacts, but also hate when people point out that they overreact.\n\nI'm sick of all the hypocrisy
If this video can get to trending with 8.5k views, then anyone can. #PrayForVegas
Madsteven
Someone definitely took someone else's dog home that day.
The natural world is so interesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACB6feq4OzU
I am completely certain that this woman would have had us at war with Russia by now.
Hello, Hi its 1995, hello. Can we please get our facepainted morons back.
The hate trolls are posting on this video.  I hope you all mark their comments as spam or hate. It's disgusting how these trolls slime their way into YouTube to disrespect an obituary.\nMaybe go to their channel and flag it  (the grey flag usually in About) and mark as either block user or report user.
Another crappy progressive hollywood trash movie. The movie industry is failing for a reason.
Paul Ryan is in it for himself. Many people saw this. Unfortunately it takes this for the majority of people to finally see this. Vote him out
Everyone acting like you didnt see that Porsche on 1:03
This'll prove the Irma deniers wrong
Damn a terrorist attack in Europe,I'm so surprised
What's to investigate? It's the damn muslims once again. The Religion of pieces.
Wow dont care
I liked this until it went to the anti Trump propaganda
Is MK interested in anything  besides appearances and age????? How shallow! (and that's a kindness!)\nwhatever made someone hire her in this capacity ??? nearly brainless. And the audience as well, WHY would they populate the seats for a program like this?
Their is no bigger hypocrite then a hollyweird feminist.
ps - Sean Spicer, ratings were bad less than 12m people
BURN THEM ALL! Distracting the public from real world problems for years.
I guess you could say they will be getting their power back despacito (slowly)
I killed one cause it called me a smelly bum bum head
Haha. See ya Mexicans
Surreal...  And this is from Fox.      Wonder if hell consider this fake news?
*don't cry, don't cry, don't cry, don't cry*....
What a Class Act! Bravo!
It's happening where I work
Women are NOT sexual objects they are Human beings with feelings, talents and deserve to be treated with respect and not used for the pleasure of the Male Supreme.  They are the bearers of life, and the authors of Love and have a natural spirituality.  Women are to be loved and repected as the Nurtures of society, not used for the Male Supremacy that this world promotes.
This is the first thing that Donald trump and I agree on. When you sit for the national anthem you spit in the faces of all of the brace men and women that died for the right for that flag to be raised. It is disrespectful to spit in people's faces therefore it is disrespectful to kneel for the national anthem
Trump and Russia must be to blame.  I will have to confirm somewhere else because cnn the counterfeit news network is not to be believed
M U L T I P L E B O I
I would've been scared to the fuck?
He died on my fathers birthday which is a very hard day for me, now I have two to mourn on this day, I hope he knew just how loved and important his music is to us. RIP dear one, and thank you
Yay anti-American liberal elites talk down to and shit on the working class half of the country.
Love Russell, always will. People you need to listen to his words. Pure wisdom! 
Resistant arrest and disorderly conduct. I like to point out that she paid for her flight and she is completely righteous about defending her position and she was being removed from the plane not being arrested. \n\nShe stupid though.. just get out  and deal with it later.
Wish more people were like me open minded an not ignorant an can give him a fair listen especially  my Hispanic folks alot of them don't question or look for facts I convinced my mom to vote for trump an I'm happy he won he's not all that bad, I rather have a president speak his mind then to say uh before every sentence an make me feel as if hes lying, I don't care for the racist b.s because no one called him that when he was just Donald Trump the billionaire untill he ran for president an honestly only thing that matters is that he serves U.S faithfully an helps us all to put this country as a whole in a better place.
viva laguardia civile ,viva espaa
Trump fake
I want to play with ALL OF THEM
Lol professor? Probly just like the Bike lock professor that nearly killed somebody it looks like it
Mexico is my cit- \n\n\n\n\nI'm going back to England
1 man with guns + bad idea = chaos
Haha most people are fooled in this country . Here's something most people don't know . There are only 2 states in the entire US that have the capability of supplying Americans with food 12 months out of the year and they are Florida and California because they have the climate and the capability of growing a spring crop as well as a fall crop they virtually can harvest year around . Florida is losing over 15,000 acres of farmland per year to development and California is losing over 9,000 acres of farmland per year to development . Because of the overpopulation in these 2 states we now get 71% of our food from overseas . Florida and California are also the only 2 states that have the capability of growing citrus Florida has lost over 70% of its citrus groves in the last 10 years to development and 8% to greenery. By the year 2020 there will be no more citrus grown in the US . People need to wake up lol  or at least get a little common sense .
O.J never did it.
It's obama
1 minute silence \nAs we stare at a bag
I'm in wexford in bannow and holy fck it is so windy I don't now  how I got connection but Jesus it's so windy my fence fell down as well and I'm close to the sea and that's so roufgh
HAHHAHHAHAHHHHAHAHHAHAHA GREETENGS TO FRANCISKO JAVIER SOLANA FROM SERBIA :**
How much did this page have to pay to be included on the trending page? Trending by being up for 2 days with only 42k views and 1k comments? Not a chance.
Gay
Wow cool greenscreen
can't wait for this episode
His best quote from this interview, Stop running on energy from negativity.
    .... ..
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Anything is racist if you try hard enough
To LVMPD, FBI, and my fellow truth seekers:\nTime of check in changed from 28th to 25th.  Fine.  No problem.\nThe 28th was supposedly when the reservation was changed to include Danley, or replaced with Danley. I don't know which.\nIf Paddock was planning on sending her BACK to the Philippines, WHY DID HE NEED TO PUT HER ON THE ROOM REGISTRATION?\nDo you see that this makes NO SENSE whatsoever?  \nSo here are the options:\n1.  Paddock changed it and had no plans to commit any shooting.  Which means he did not bring the guns up to the room or commit the shooting.\n2.  Paddock changed it and planned to commit the shooting and wanted to implicate her as well, even though he sent $100,000 to her account in the Philippines (absurd)\n3.  Someone else changed it, and wanted to implicate Danley as well, which means Paddock did not bring the guns to the room   or commit the shooting. (verified conspiracy)\n4.  Danley changed it with Paddock's permission.  He wanted to have fun with her that weekend, even though he planned to commit a shooting with her in the room.  (absurd)\n5. Danley changed it without Paddock's permission, brought the guns to his room, committed the shooting to make it look like Paddock did it, then killed him, left town, and stated that Paddock bought her a ticket to leave town. Putting her name on the registration, then saying he was sending her back home, would make it look like she was not implicated.  Or, her conspirators committed the shooting and she assisted.  That said, don't we know that ISIS is operating in the Philippines at this time? Did they not take credit for this heinous act?\nIs it possible that Ms. Danley is not as innocent as it would seem?\nPlease note, I am not accusing anybody of anything. This is just an investigative theoretical analysis of possible events.
Sounds like someone wants a private office at Vox
I find it hard to believe she would have anything to do w Him...eeeeewe
nature bats last\nand always will
what on earth is she on ?
Clearly this guy is more concerned with the small minority in Arizona that pay that tax to not have insurance than the majority in Arizona who pay for the insurance and just want it affordable.
R I P Tom Petty
Why is this one trending and mine is not when my video about the Earthquake has more views in about the same amount of time?
Trending isn't  purchased... #BULLSHIT
These aren't the only wild monkeys in Europe. There's another monkey species called the Muslim. It's an invasive species and their numbers are rapidly growing in Europe. They will soon outnumber the native European population.
But did she get to keep the ball?
megyn kelly really sucks...more and more...pretty amazing redford's gone from media recluse to showing up on day time chat shows...getting older made even the sundance kid come in from the cold...
ENGLAND IS HER CITY
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
Man southwest you were the competent one now no airline is good anymore
50 Longshot medals 50 unstoppable medals 500 assistance suicide medals and 1 tactical nuke headshots unknown this guy is MLG Faze up
Dumb ass. https://youtu.be/Z4SVq2UGEvg
rocket man
*we want to see inside already*
Unlesd i missed it again, still no mention of (gunpowder residue) on suspect. Maybe thats some of the cant talk during investigating part of info not being released. But it's kind of important i think to put it to rest. Am i wrong?
New pm she's offering a soft brexit as we all knew she would she should resign now ffs
Russell Crowe and Matt Damon prevented an article being published about Weinstein back in 2004. They should make a movie about this where all the actors play themselves
I am new so who will subscribe me and give likes on my video I will subscribe him/her return
Stay Strong People, whatever it is please stay strong for God and your loved ones he blessed you with
I had the best advert ever, 2 African kids wanting money for food,1 other African man with money says no,he drops the money,the kids steal the money and buy food,the rich man starves to death
Santa maria , pinta and nina ahahahahahahaha\nIt's the justice for native amerindiens , black people etc etc
Calling it now , it will win an oscar and Wiseau will be given the oscar. It will be amazing
Looking very nice, once the grass is finally laid & water feature is done it will look even more spectacular.
You are now vilified by the Strip
Megyn Kelly is horrible! I would never watch her show after seeing this!
13th amendment..... slavery still exists
Bike lives matter fuck ppl
and then theres house
Lol. The hatred towards liberals is outright hilarious. Also a bit worrying I suppose.
mean while jake paul is more focused on than the hurricane
Hear say!
This is horrible
This should have insanely more views. Ever think about launching a site or a blog where the things you speak of is in reading form? It was beautiful and this is one of your finest piece
you're doing great sweetie
why are people so pissed??\nwe are here to see some quality sport entertainment, no some shit politics,anthem, kneeling
They keep it in the family, if you know what I mean.
Oh boy another hurricane
She's full of shit. First she says, I'm shocked and I had no idea. Then she says I knew about him a year ago. Oh, and of course she brings up Trump. Stupid bitch.
Genius.
This looks like one of those moments of regret.
I hope my friend is okay praying for everyone to be safe
Fake news! All Trumptards just stay put! Ignore evacuation orders!
MULTIPLE SHOOTERS.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPV5rY3nO7I
Don't be racists just because you are not white. It's so stupid. Just be happy in your own skin and leave other people alone.
ALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR
Could the UN ever afford to replace that tacky 1970's green marble tile backdrop?  It is embarrassing. I think Lowes had a 70% off on that same tile last weekend. A plain white drywall would be better than that horrific bathroom mistake. Come on ... seriously?
Why why why is she still around
Kylie wasn't there because she's pregnant
Only low IQ simpletons like music with repetition. I like real music, which has no repulation at all. No verse lyric, word or chord should be used twice in the same song. That's true art.
 can we be serious idgaf about your cafecito! I miss when we had real meteorologist who actually predicted correctly where storms would go.
more media bullshit, trying to take our minds off other questions...
It wouldn't make sense for farmers to be their own marketers.  Farmers should spend their resources growing and tending crops, while specialists in marketing should be the ones who actually present the vegetables at a market.  The system evolved this way because it creates value.  If customers don't realize this already, then they should.  Here's an alternate way to think about it: nothing prevents an actual farmer from being his/her own marketer; but farmers make the decision that his/her time is better spent growing and tending crops, and then selling them to an actual marketer for retail presentation at the farmer's market.
Shes gonna grow up to realise that she met the prince and stole his POPCORN
Let's see what the Word of God has to say about whoremongers like Hugh Hefner:\n\n_For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God._--Ephesians 5:5
I disagree, hip hops gotten super feminine lately. Most of the new rappers coming out are wearing women's clothing.
Popcorngate
a terrible public speaker, a terrible P.M for the UK & a terrible negotiator for BREXIT.\nTheresa May needs to be Expelled from her post, put someone in there with a backbone.
Obama did 9/11
Never actually confirmed or denied anything,,,, I wonder why .....
https://youtu.be/4RUZ00P8mbY
Just get off the fucking plane you psycho
very Happy Day Praise the Lord
But but but..according to trump and brain dead right wingers, climate change isn't real. Yet we see its effects EVERY day.
Is it bad that I want to eat his butthole? I really do even though he is an asshole himself.
Bad day?
Cavuto you are a fat, smug asshole with a bad track record.
Bump fire stocks make shots extremely inaccurate. Not to mention emptying that many magazines using bump fire stocks would damn near break his finger. It's a cover up and he is the patsy. Check to see of his trigger finger has bruising. That many rounds using bump-fire stocks would bruise his finger because it slams the trigger against the shooters finger every shot. That's a lot of rounds fired without a break. Come on everybody. Educate yourselves instead of learning from the media.
I don't understand what this accomplishes.. Like 70% of those dogs are stressed, shit everywhere, and morons walking together.
That's cgi of people slipping on wet glass
Beautiful!!
Nooooo
wow she's cute! and smart!
Is it any wonder why ESPN's ratings are failing? FOX and NBC sports channels are quickly closing the gap.
God she's UGLY!!!
Build that wall!make the illegals go home to help their families!
This is only racist if you think one race is better than the other. This shows higher thinking. From people who are truly not racist
Come on! CNN reporters knew all about Weinstein for years, decades. \nThey went after Trump but not Weinstein.\nF.A.K.E. news central.
He is innocent of murder get over it
Looks like Rocket Man is gettin' TRUMPED.
Ive said it before and Ill say it again..you cannot stop criminals from getting guns, no matter how strict a states gun laws are. Stop trying to push gun control and push for more good citizens to have carry and conceal licenses. Gun laws do not help good people, instead it makes it easier for criminals to prey on them bc they cannot defend themselves. I guarantee if more people carry and conceal, there will be less crime around bc criminals will think twice.
Way to good statement I know philipinos don't talk the way that lawyer talked
Such a pretty city. Such a pity it will be destroyed.
Why don't the police address the 28 year old woman who was there that night and was found dead shortly after posting on Facebook about multiple shooters? Why don't the police mention the shooting that occurred at The Bellagio that night? They can't say there wasn't at minimum a second shooting because the whole hotel was on lockdown and there is video proof of it.
And.. how in the hell did he get that explosive stuff? I'm sorry but, how 2make bombs and people learning how to harm people just is not cool. The Internet is part of what people get ideas, other than the fact that when people say when I go. I'm going out with a bang!. They don't lie.people need to start taking these things seriously. Now,  text from a person saying they are going to be shooting/blowing up schools?!?wtf is going on. I'm sorry I've keep my mouth shut too long, of what's been going through my head. it could of been prevented. looks like hotels will have to start having metal detector's and ex specially, if they get a feeling or things don't seem/look right. We need to wise up and open our eyes, use our brains! we need to come together and fight for this. for freedom not having to worry. seems like there's going to be a lot of threats anywhere, due to this monster that killed and hurt so many people. #IhaveNoTrustInTheGovernment #prayforvegas
WHY IS THIS TRENDING SMH
This man enjoy every day of his life!!! My condolences to relatives....
I hope no one died prayers to you
Prinz bout to guillotine her goofy ass
It probably wasn't even bump stocks it was guns from Operation Fast and Furious the government just doesn't want to be exposed.
Fighting in the White House  is a disgrace. Be smart like the US president.
Watching the premier on the today show ..... first episode is the Will and Grace  guest great start Megan... Don't care about the Kardashians so much .
God bless, congratulations Scalise!
Harry knew from the get go who the child is and he spotted her nicking it from a couple of seconds in I know harry isn't bothered so why are so many others on sites bothered it's popcorn
CNN is fucking dogshit. Whoever maintains this channel, you should be ashamed of yourself. You are scum. Fuck you.
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Y'all SAVED my life!...dark days of dispear looking 4 some inspiration AND I stumbled across this! Just 2 think y'all sweet little babies encompass such angelic voices is the epitome of God's grace... Can't say enough except, bless ur HEARTS...
This is not Shakespeare Louis
Haha you stupid idiots. they don't even know what their talking about
Sad
This kind of a person is far worse than any animal alive.
well hes right about the disrespect.....100 percent
http://trumperssnewsfeed.com/index.php/2017/09/23/antifa-website-planning-nationwide-anarchy-on-november-4th-is-your-city-on-the-list-video/
Ah ha! Of course the cucks over here at vox find a way to bash trump
If you don't like the country leave wtf.they complain about this country but say its there right of freedom of speech and disrespect the very country that provides that freedom to do so
i thought Jane Fonda died
Tommy wiseau should be the next doctor who.
Conscienceless sociopath.
Subscribe on my channel thanks\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eofcM6rLAc
....Interesting.
He has noooooo lips. So scary
America's own Terrorism,but refuse to call it that.. They said they needed motive and the rest of the facts. REALLY!
This mccain  chick, something ain't right about her...
Cute but I'm pretty sure her mum knew she was doing that. She should have stopped her
She likes anal
The juice is now lose...RIP
This really seems like a black anti-trump anti-American thing...
I just put my dirty boxers on a broomstick and i'm flying it at half mast to make your vigil great again 
Someone should played the song Ophelia
:(
Since I was born and raised in the Dominican Republic, a couple of points stood out for me:\n\n1. Relative rich Dominican Republic\n\nCompared to Haiti maybe is relative rich. But, overall, the Dominican Republic is a poor country. The Dominican Republic has most (if not a quite sizable amount) of its citizens living in poverty.\n\n2. Stable\n\nWhen it comes to elections, yes, there is a political cycle. But, corruption is high (a scandal concerning a Brazilian company might ring a bell).\n\n3. Dominican Market/Boarder Market\n\nAt the beginning, they are going to a Dominican Market. Then, it turns into a boarder market on the side of the Dominican Republic. They should have been going to a boarder market from the start.\n\n4. Migration\n\nMany children (perhaps in the thousands) have no birth certificate, and that goes for both sides of the island. You are undocumented in your own land.\n\nI can go on. Yes, There is racial profiling and animosity . But, you have to understand that the Dominican Republic fought its war of independence against Haiti (not Spain). So, there is a sense of not letting them occupy your country or have it taken over (albeit peacefully).
Apparently she's got an appointment next week to have a backbone inserted probably done on the nhs
She did not mention that her father already AT THAT TIME was a powerful personality in Hollywood so she was rather untouchable. I wonder why she did not say that.
What a spineless fool
Not only this guy but both Jero an Enka singer and Chris Hart  a J-pop singer are accepted and very popular in Japan as well.\nJapanese people might be xenophobia on the whole for sure, but seems like most of them are not racist.\nJust examine the Art Blakey's anecdote, or W.E.B.Du Bois' column he wrote for The Pittsburgh Courier.
Fuerza MEXICO 
O, the sow wants more slop, hear her oink.
WELL HE HAD   FUCKING LONG  RICH LIFE   SURROUNDING WITH BEAUTIFUL WOMAN 24 HOURS  ...O WELL  HE  HAD IT  MADE & HE  DIED IN GOOD TIMING  AS  HIS MAGAZINE & HIS POPULARITY DIVE  DOWN  ,WAS  END OF THE ERA FOR HIM!
Lmao
Shame om you MSNBC for picking up the tiny little 3 minute portion of the President's speech
Apple needs innovative products not rehash of old stale ideas which makes this monument even worse
Donald has embarrassed the Free World by insulting their intelligence.  That is what America voted for.  Donald has no idea what he is talking about or what the United Nations actually does.  Donald thinks he is talking to a mob of alt right Nazi's who love his every word.  He is unaware of the purpose of the UN.  Donald is giving a campaign speech to people who think he cares about them.
By the way, I am from Saudi Arabia and I think that the decision is not useful because every Saudi family have their own drivers
Hey vsauce, Michael here.
2013 I sat behind the yankee dugout against the A's and a girl in front of me got hit by a bat an A's player lost. Worst part was she had to leave w/ a concussion. Best part was I got to sit the rest of the game on the yankee dugout and they won off a walk off in the 14th inning
What a disappointment! I always thought of VOX as a pretty solid, unbiased, news podcast. You should probably consider taking down this video.  He's not telling the truth as it is here. The whole report is completely tilted to one side. Just think of how he barely set foot in the DR and he portraits it as the enemy. This harms your legacy and reputation. What a shame!
I noticed....Most of the strongest hurricane/typhoons are female names? \nHurricane Katrina 2005/Typhoon Yolanda 2013 Philippines and now Hurricane Irma? GodBless USA!
*Those pets had first class tickets too.*
The policeman should be arrested for trespassing on the track
Fuck the anthem most people mute it when it comes on anyway
This is such a poor American interpretation of cultural pluralism and varieties of nations
Fishing will be great
Boobs will never let you down!
North Korea is an illegitimate, illegal occupying regime of Korean territory. KJU and the rest of this band will be removed, liquidated and the territory will be returned to the only legitimate Korean state in Seoul
Want to make MONEY FROM HOME TODAY GUARANTEED get started here IT WILL change your life click the link and GET STARTED TODAY https://BestEasyWork.com/eionismylife
RIP Hugh. I will never forget my interview with you in August of 1977 in Dallas, Texas. It was an honor!\nPeace & Love,\nRick
This is the news blacks love because they are too stupid to realize that this guy is a murderer.
Very colorful
I'm a driver for lyft.  Go to lyft.com if you need to earn extra income. You can drive when you want to!  Use my code for extra bonus money ( ARRIONE73916 )
Shit happens man... Thank God they can't Sue do to the fact they were not forced to sit there prayers for the kid definitely
The hero we need
Hugh Hefner was murdered/silenced so that he couldn't name Hollywood peadophiles in a plea deal.
They don't know how he got all those guns up to the room. It's Las Vegas and cameras are everywhere. You would either see one guy with a big heavy bag possibly stopping a couple times to catch his breath, or a guy making multiple trips to his room. I've seen shows with crummy cameras on a office building coming up with a picture of a car driving on the opposite side of the road to pin down what time someone drove down the street. There is pictures of this guy. Probably one of the guy getting stuff out of his cars trunk in the parking lot. Or the parking lot next door
London is shit anyways been twice it sucks. Better cities to visit in the UK.
Aint the fruit or vegetable grown in a farm. Who cares
Who's ready for the UK Riots next year?
Jesus is coming
See ya!
Symbolism to read\nWhy May is very often wearing massive neck chain and reptilian clothes or shoes?  Does she want to say something?  She works for some people or at war with some people.  She is too old to wear that big chain and that often..  I haven't said anything you came up with that suggestion.
@samjames
I live in Nashville and that is awful.
When you kill millions of people in Iraq, the mother of nature is angry.
Shitty version of 1791L.
fuck Hillary Clinton hope she dies
You are covering wrong news. Every time something bad comes out in Russian investigation, Trump slams something or someone just to distract people from real issue on russian investigation.  Trump sold his soul to Russia, but he does not want anyone to dig deeper into it.
Trump is a idiot savant when it comes to picking people with no character or ethics to lie for him.
Its like that one family guy episode
I thought maybe someone was throwing acid.  Nope, just someone attempting to detonate a powerful explosive in an enclosed space.  some people...
The type of people who used to rant about Pizza Gate now have a lot of theories about the Vegas shooting.
Crisis actor
Republicans don't care about the poor, Mitt Romney said it himself, I'm not concerned about the very poor, when he ran against Barack Obama.
Stop putting all your blame on the NFL. I understand that people die for the flag and for our rights in this great country. But be honest with yourself, is everyone rights in this country are being protect. The cop that die in the robbery (God bless his soul,rip) that you speak of, does that justify or equal out the action of  corrupt/ unlawful cops that are killing innocent lives. Because a lot of good cops died in the line of duty doesn't eliminate the cold facts of what going on in this country. America is drenched in corruption, its only going to get worse if the true problem is solve. We most stand together against corruption no matter where it is, in the streets or in the government or in the ones that vow to protect in serve. People are waking up and it is getting easier for the truth to be reached, especially with filming, etc. we most face the problem head on and eliminate every piece of corruption. Or his great country with fall as the Roman Empire fell way back. Unity is what makes us great, but when we divided, knowing it or not, we are all doom. Players in the NFL found this is the only way they could Express there stand, I'm not saying it's the best way but didn't it get a lot of people attention. But people lack to see the full picture as it is but instead they like to choose what they want to see. I strongly believe the worse is to come, people will not look to law to seek justice but to one ownself form of justice. Hammurabi code- an eye for an eye. Or even worse  an eye for eyes. This will come, cause history due repeat itself due to human ignorance. It's sad, in this Modern day of life full with technology and  full potential of greatness as a species, we fall to primitive behaviors of separation of our own, greed, etc. those we lead to our down fall, that we been continuously repeating through known history. This needs to change, this must change, this have to change. Or we won't be in existence no least a country. Cause we would have killed each and leave a lifeless earth behind. .....We live in heaven and hell, we choose which one we want to live on.
Where's a muslim when you need one. ALLAHU AKBAR BITCHES!
Hes an old man, I think its time for him to enjoy the time he has left.
The Las Vegas shooting is not the deadliest shooting. The Black Wall Street Shooting is. But I feel for the people and their families that were killed and injured
SNP ya get me
Lol!!! A few cardboard box houses were blown away.... devastating
MENDELS LAWS PROVES OTHERWISE! !
Whore ass host couldn't take the word because she probably got the job because of her boobs twenty years ago, now they are saggy as fuck, so she's hurt.
No one in this world believes in your fake news narrative. No one . It is too obvious for everyone. fy BBC
Hate+ Guns+ Mental Instability + Inept Politicians = CHAOS & TRAGEDY
CHRIST is KING
Looks like Stephen Hawking in his prime
Maybe we should close a few of the 800 military bases we have worldwide. That would save us some money.
Goals to do involving industry \nGet the EPA to be less strict to how engines are made.\nGet the U.S. citizens to be as adaptive to the demands as possible. \nFind a way to keep the old industries working without killing new industries off.\nDiesel Hybrids for the militaries as a way to incorporate more jobs to the American citizens and military pathways. \n \nAmerica First with leading design developments.
k
Oh for fucks sake, of course the Peterborough farmers market would get a super-feature in marketplace.. Pathetic..
Escape to what, nonsense.
WHERE IS THE HUMANITARIAN INTERVENTION, NATO???????????? You know, like you've intervened in other parts of Europe?
Im American, but to all my other fellow Americans hating on this video, stop sucking your own dick and shoving your gun barrels up your ass the pleasure yourself. Its not the revolutionary war anymore, you dont need to have a hard on for guns and semi/full auto guns at your side feel safe. Get over it.
Now just think if the center of the quake had been in central Mexico City. The areas are built on clay and adobe. Its terrible. Have there been any fires burning in the city. This is going to be a terrible situation for a very long time. TRUMP DONT CARE ABOUT MEXICO CITY. Some of the people have not been accounted for. Please pray for Mexico as there will not be recovery from this for YEARS
Sean Spicer? Wtf
I visited PR twice and Ive fallen in love so much that I feel like its a part of my home and it breaks my heart how the island is being mistreated
this channel is like the bane of all retarded trump supporters
Why is no one reporting about the videos people took where you can see muzzle flashes around the 14th floor and hear people talking about seeing these flashes about halfway up the building?
All most all of the so called 'granite' counter tops depicted in this video are not granites
BAN ALL BUMP STOCKS NOW!
BRITAIN BELONGS TO WHITE PEOPLE.
Im Latino/European and I dont agree with this kneeling nigger shit
Cavuto is right!
Fucking hell, god is a lie, and earthquakes are science stop talking about god doing this its all you dumb oblivious idiots that dont do any good for the world climate and the planet in general
How is this number 24 trending with 300 views?
Trump caused this probably....No joke American has tools to cause earthquakes remotely
the gop is in a toxic relationship they need to end it
Look at the girl in the back starting at 2:00
OJ did it
get out of California, it will be destroyed! California is being punished by gawd!California has turned it's back on trump!the illegals are setting the fires!but a huge earthquake is coming!
Lets not forget espn fired rob parker for calling robert griffin a cornball seems to me espb are double standard company
Fuck the prayers how can we send money to them
Wow seems to have a mystious plot twist
welcome to baseball ?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpwvZwUam-URkxB7g4USKpg
Hugh was an amazing icon
Free redemption your? Tell that SJW to relax
8k views on trending =_=
At this point the military is nothing more than a government sanctioned gang willing to fight illegal wars for corrupt politicians.  Supporting the military is a cosign of the politicians who control their leash.
Hefner? I hardly knew her.\n#Boom
If you wanna go in style you get a Waitrose bag
I think the December it'll fully finished ! And that month they'll have a December  event
Living a secret life... \n\nSo privacy is secret now??
Lord infamous
You know the real culprit to blame is the NRA lobbying politicians to pass pro gun laws to make it easier for anyone buy guns in America. What America should do is ban all firearms, and criminalize anyone who won't give up their arms.
IS THE PARK MADE BY POOR ASIAN PEOPLE TOO?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5aI92FaeOA for every view i will donate 1 penny to charity share this link to every body i want to donate as much mney as possible!!!
Another 911 type of terrorist like bush did 911 we ain't stupid let's make Trump look bad
Merica
better if all types of soil erosion is that slow so that everyone could escape them=|
stop kneeling retards
County mayo is the best #forlife castlebar
too many disaster news to catch up these days
I'm a professor, I wonder how many times she uses that in a day
... hope he marries CNN.
Is he for real? What a load of bullshit. The nerve of these useless cold-blooded cocksuckers really astonishes me
I believe in exactly what Hughe Hefner believes in; something good, magical, and exciting, yet unconscious.
I got rid of my T.V. the day after Obama was elected........ Dont miss it now that We The People know the truthful news
WE are NOT divided.   Fake media is lying once again.     Fuck these assholes who disrespect our country.     They are making millions of dollars, and they can go fuck themselves.       The NFL can fuck themselves.    And listen up, assholes....   Kaepernick is the one who made football political.       Trump was just responding to the assholes.       Fuck 'em all.
White men are the real terrorists of the world. Especially white police officers whose job is not hard. Who gunned down black people and then get away with it in the system that hire them. White people cannot be a human race of people you have no hearts. Especially a lot of white Christians who are racist like the KKK who claim to be Christian..
Deeply sad by EVERY thing happening in the world all these natural disasters so many in just weeks HURRICANES QUAKES WHY 
Storm lame asf
Yeah. We missed it on purpose.
Magnfico !
We will not give up our guns ever! Makes no difference what laws are passed..Want to destroy an entire nation? Just try to take them and see. It's not the gun...its the fruitcake liberal pulling the trigger. #Banliberals
I don't think it was cool that Ford motor company picked him up in the new 2018 bronco 
dang
Get More Views At U 2 B Z O N E . C O M
Shame on you Fox News...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n728k followers but you can barely get a few thousands views per vid. Pathetic. Smh.
Another one?
Vox always has something to complain about.
Congratulations for the new amazing emerging talents. Super wow!
*WHY DO PEOPLE USE APOSTROPHES AS IF THEIR QUOTES!?!???!!!?!!*
Haha the baby just steal over and over again  and Harry dont even notice
Mid 2000's  I obsessed with Playboy magazine but cost a lot of money,a year later I stop order playboy magazine for good.
Emma stone still looking super cute lol
It's a fantasy from a nutjob accountant.  Accountants have historically been weekend warriors with a gun permit, license to kill/hunt, and a horribly boring day job.  He wanted to snap into a slim jim and get some excitement in his life.  That's what a nutjob is all about.  A fantasy.  If he wanted to experience a fantasy, he should have just played Dungeons and Dragons.  And a lot of lives would have been spared.
Can I ask why the BBC are continuing to report that there was only one shooter when there are multiple videos with clearly more than one shooter? Arnt you supposed to report the real news and not fake news?
Fuck trump racist ass
Trump Supporters Come On!! This is your guy? . .can't you see the con? the hustle?...wow?
all those gringos, making jokes anr racist comments..soone ror later its gonna be your turn to have a big one, or many, its somenthing that must happen just we dont know when..lets see then if you make jokes about people dying
You can always rebuild - said the Japanese
I laughed so hard when I saw the videos of people be shot at. I love watching people die LOL.
Europe & UK government just don't understand this is just the beginning so why don't y'all bring in more unvetted immigrants !!!
Another nut case representative just like Maxine waters....
I'll fucking say it...BLACK PEOPLE ARE STUPID...Come at me bitches.
ooh a little heavy with the contour
When you realised the first guy in the video is actually a tour guide
Spain is your nation. The vote is illegal.
A terrorist
It seems that fabricating racism is a trend that is here to stay.  Good job, you irresponsible tools!
wilford brimley's office please
Michael is a very rich man.  A wonderful story.  Thank you very much.
I bet that there are thousands more victims not coming out because they are ashamed how they achieved their fame and fortune.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kXLN6twstuQ
Oh hi, Marcus.
YouTube: We do not monetise videos about tragedies, no matter what the context is. Unless it's by ABC apparently.
I guess this is the latest hot thing\nPeople being dragged off airplanes\nUntil something new comes along the media will bombard us with this shit
lol
This man just telling speaking out THE TRUTH!!!!
Vox is overrated
This is a brilliant view of the city we all wish to learn and convey this to the Country.  Our current President does not see beauty in this picture, he sees an opportunity to gain real estate property..Look at those waterfront locations Jr..!  Beautifully photographed. with nice stick at the controls.  Thanks .  Now cut it out, both you and Trump....
So, they will be out of EU, they will not have a seat at the table, but they will still be ruled by the EU....What a fuc..up XD
Converting to Islam in times like these automatically makes you special. We need to help people find better ways to instantly participate in a social life rather than Islamic extremism.
I like this dude
Fake
There's a special place in hell for you FOXNews you say don't do politics about the shooting then you do it I wish nothing but the best you are the worst news I've seen in my life
1) What Jemele Hill tweeted what a large majority of African Americans think. Nothing she said was out of bounds or untrue. \n2) Why is the White House focused on what someone's opinion is? There are far more pressing issues that needs attention.\n3) A fireable offense? She didn't tweet on the behalf of ESPN. She didn't say what she thought on the air. She tweeted from her personal twitter account. Also isn't one of America's foundations freedom of speech?\n\nI have a new found respect for The Six. #iSupport
Nothing but a total rewriting of history.  Complete garbage.
Another terrorist attack the world is going to forget within 48h. A world ran by retards.
bye snowflake bitch
Mexico is my cit- \n\n\n\n\nI'm going back to England
wow i think this is the first fox video i can actually sit down and watch
Looks like Rocket Man is gettin' TRUMPED.
Why are people still recording vertically?
The first 10 seconds was my favorite part.
But do you think he acted alone. 32nd floors equals 320 feet high\nThe stage equals a distance of 500 yards from the hotel. The maximum effective range is 3-500 of an AR. You see
The other species recently migrated to Europe causing trouble their
Fun Fact :White People have 6% Neaderthal DNA aka Monkey Blood  100% true. Explains thier behavior
Why isn't there a civil defence for the current nuclear threat?
If you guys want independence you should hold a vote every week until they get tired of trying to shut it down!
What people don't understand is that you can bump fire any semiauto rifle, making the stock illegal doesn't stop bump firing.
The only reason this guy won't die is because both heaven and hell don't want him
Hell no
Add this to the countless amount of bloopers the BBC made this year.
And Bill Clinton who actually did things as opposed to Trump who just talked?
We kneel when we pray. So why is it so horrible to kneel at the flag? Go fuck yourself Donald!
20+ people in critical condition for over 12 days with no additional deaths?
What are the ex Rotherham taxi drivers going to do now for their pleasure.
unbelievably sad that it's so normalized that they are joking and laughing about it. it's one coping mechanism to deal with the vile industry they are a part of.
Attractive and smart !!!
DACA:  Give them green cards and nothing more.  BUT green cards should not be on equal basis for federal jobs (or any government job).  We do not need foreigners running our government and waving a foreign flag in our face.
Basketball: pretend to get tripped and ref lets you win game\nRacecars: Smash someone elses car and they get tased and arrested\nHmmmmmmmm
Fake news!
Liking a place you live has something to do with how people in that society treats you. I am a taxi driver in Toronto, this person who got inside my taxi seems like a setup. It seems like someone already pin point my taxi cab number to verbally attack me. Someone backstabbing me using different people. He was swearing and insulting about different nationalities. Also, saying how he hates different nationalities. They were laughing loud inside my cab making me uncomfortable and finally one person started to verbally attack me. All three of them spoke Arabic language and they claim that they were from Kuwait.  I do not support any movements or individuals who are a threat to someone else freedom and existence. I came to this country to live in peace and without discrimination or harassment. After been unemployed for 6 years, this is what I am getting? I don't have the freedom to work without harassment nor freedom to live without others interference. How do you expect me to like the place I live? Lastly, I didn't come to this country to live a poor miserable life, I came to this country to live well so does everybody else. I am not a high school or university drop out nor a low street rowdy who speaks shit with the rotten personality.
You can have your bump stocks ban, I don't care its not going to fix the real problems we have in the world. That has nothing to do with guns.
Why are people making negative comments???  This is a sweet moment that I hope 99.9% of people would let the child have the popcorn.  Prince Harry was very cool...
Why is this on the Trending Page with only 12,000 views?
Jane - LOTS OF THINGS DIDNT HAPPEN PERSONALLY TO YOU AND YOU DID SPEAK UP!   Typical.
It's disgusting how news reporters can misrepresent a story and make assumptions when they know little to nothing about the actual situation. Based on what I've read, the woman who was removed from the plane was not cooperating with law enforcement. The way the news reporter presented this is that law enforcement is at fault and that the woman removed from the plane is a victim. This is absolutely disgusting abuse of the Free Press. This is also typical of the leftist mainstream media.
Is funny how the Dominicans are changing their laws. When they use the same loopholes in the United States to become US residents and citizens. This is pure racism.  They are  known for their colorims they dislike dark skin color specially men. They downgrade women of dark skin color even between themselves.
*FFS warrenpoint Co'Down, he'd have seen better waves in the north-west coast Castlerock /Portsweart who was the ejit that sent him there?*
Wake up people this whole thing is FAKE. Like bostonhoaxathon sandyhoax and all the rest.
If anybody should be censored it should be that doosh bag trump.\n            IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!
Can buy all the popcorn in the word and gives her one fucking popcorn OMG LMFAO
Yeah, my naples are wet too... What?
Save your time
Coming from Texas hope y'all are ok.
Shame on Madrid government
good tax dodging uber
My Prayers goes out to all of the families and people in that effected by the mass shooting in the church .
Christian terrorist
I like boobs too, but i sort of keep that to myself, this guy is a boob!
Oh, so supporting a Presidential candidate (who fucking won BTW) is wrong?  The playing of the National Anthem is A Scam, well FUCK YOU, you overpaid actor!  The NFL needs to enforce their own rules about conduct by players during the National Anthem, which basically states that players will stand...  You remember the Dixie Chicks?  Well, they kept bashing another Republican President and look what happened to their careers.  The First Amendment ONLY applies to the Government.. not private companies, where you don't have freedom of speech.  If you say something against company policy, you can be fired.  Everyone has the right of free speech but they better be willing to accept the consequences of that speech.
...in light of the situation...both of those guys are super hot...
When there is a crime such as this, ofcourse they eye and question the husbands, wives, family members, friends, or anyone connected or close to the suspect or criminal ya'll.
Fear-mongering and it's part of living in a big city. Can you guest the idiots whom said this?\nHint: Ones a over used tea bag
True cost of cheap price. Corporations that cut corners and do not abide by the law should be and must be punished.
African-American sprinters John Carlos and Tommie Smith raised their gloved fists in a black power salute at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City in 1968, while the U.S. national anthem played during the presentation of their medals. Their gesture was a show of defiance against oppression taking place at the height of the civil rights struggle in America.\nBecause of TRUMP, American are heading back toward racial policy of the 60's.
I just heard the next episode is going to be completely devoted to DIY tips to protect your family from the New Black Panther Party. You're doing gods' work Megyn!
At first I thought he was flipping off the storm
Trump is a lil bubble jaw princess. He is nothing to take seriously and too dim witted to know what he is suppose to do. He is so busy trying to win pity points for undermining one truly great leader in the hopes he would be applauded. In fact, he has learned his own people will undermine him as he is a truly weak and dim witted leaded. Hell, his own college teacher stated he was a dumbass. What else do you need to learn from a loser.
The Catalonians have a right to choose their own fate.\nIt's a world wide movement against a one world government
The placement of this on trending seems quite telling... Is Vox always this popular?
Making Britain proud Harry.
I like how EVERYONE is bashing on TFL for taking precautions over people's safety, I wonder how you'd feel if you got sexually assaulted and Uber never did anything to help or support you. Yes it's an inconvenience to you guys, but where there's money to be made someone else will pop up.
Fuck the beaners.\n\nGoddamn....
Lol
Tannerite and jet fuel tanks.
This guy shouldnt be talking to the press.
Remember we have no idea what she said or did before this person started filming, so its likely the airline had a legitimate reason to take her off the plane. Theres also no proof that anything shes saying is true either. Im not saying shes lying, but make sure you find out all the facts before you decide to condemn the airline
just 10? God dammit....step it up nature. at this rate it'll take thousands of years for the humans to go extinct.  gotta upgrade the hurricanes.
This is such bullshit.\n\nhas anyone actually looked into why trump cares so much about this protest?\n\nProbably not as 2/3 of Americans blindly believe in and follow the blundering oaf. \n\nLearn something about the issues before you are for or against them. Otherwise you become an agenda troll like Trump. \n\nNeed proof?\n\nHere you go: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-take-a-knee-nfl-protest-con-man-huckster-scumbag-american-football-usfl-john-bassett-a7972281.html
#RENO911\n#INCOMPETENCE \nVEGAS MEDICAL STAFF IS SUSPECT
No fish-eye lens. Flat Earth confirmed!
But what happens if it's actually cracking lool
lmao this was great, Corbyn for PM
Despacito, this is how we do it down in Puerto Rico
47k views 2days trending
An AR-15? with a SCOPE and a BIPOD. You liberals are just trying to scare yourselves. He used a fully automatic ASAULT RIFLE. Not and ARMALITE RIFLE
in reality they ALL GOT THEIR ASSES BEAT by the Spanish police\n50 percent youth unemployment, no wonder these retards have time to protest
They can do all this and still not make a charger thats worth a shit
She is not involved. Trying to blame anyone else except the white guy who did it and the lackadaisical gun control laws in the US. The gun control debate was over after Sandy Hook once Americans decided they were ok with kids being killed. They did nothing. This is the U.S so just understand this will continue to go on. This is what your society has built.
yeah cause we're not all human ffs
Allah will destroy you all now ! You have gone against his law ! Oh , wait , there is no god , i forgot.
Yeah right is a really catchy song tbh
Mah man
Whoop whoop! MMFCL
From the thumbnail it looks like the officer is taking her from behind...if you know what I mean.
Women does is not beling on any airplain. Women is sucks and should be slave. Much like niggers. This video smiling me. :?)
Mom is watching not giving 2 shits bout Harry at all XD
In a memory of Home Button.
I woulda dropped that kid for touching my food
Just like Jane Fonda,   It happened everywhere, everywhere people work all over the world.
I believe Air is water to fish
It's like putting makeup on a corpse,\nand then making a 360 video of it.
Not gonna lie...I like having a door on my office.
Megyn Kelly is horrible! I would never watch her show after seeing this!
I whould get off if she have life is depends on it ... but i guess it wasn't
That boy yea right song is so annoying imo
Trump's favorite Alternative news network FOX acting like they don't influence mast shooters.., Has got to be a joke.
The people of the United States are with you!  For now our prayers and encouragement; soon, whatever aid we can give.  I love beautiful Mexico City and am deeply saddened at this tragedy.  Am also encouraged to see citizens immediately rolling up their sleeves to search for the missing;  even businessmen in dress shirts and ties wielding sledge hammers!  May God bless you all and keep you safe.  Our condolences to the families who lost loved ones and friends. :(
Go home CNN youre drunk 
This, and other trivial things, seems to be so much more important than what the PM had to say.  NOT!
Over 200 people died. Thats absolutely crazy
Shit everywhere I bet
second
this guy is a real G for going up on that podium like that to talk to everyone props to him
F'n tards, both of them.
It's a gallon bucket and a tiny fire, fucking incompetent terrorist but how were people even injured? Either way the device seems more or less intact so good for forensics.
Why is everyone in the comment section mad about Kylies success yes its through the name but its not her fault she was born there at least shes using it as a blessing
It's clear to the world now that the government is what is criminal. The police are just hired gun men for the criminal government.
Are the temples near the city OK?
I feel like I'm from Alabama = I would have owned slaves prior to the Civil War and I would have fought for the south. Loser.
No DACA
Nothing burger
   ,   ?
Bravo!  Thank you.
Wtf THE MEXICAN EARTHQUAKE. lmfoa damn thats fucked up.\n ps its in the first 3 seconds.
If these niggers want to see mistreatment by police and white people send em on down to my farm in Georgia I'll bring slave owning back in style. Fuck all them niggers spics and jews, muslims homosexuals, liberal white folk; and all sorts of different zipper head asian mother fuckers who won't pay respect to this great Country. Time to dust off the whites only signs, build that wall with mexican labor if em brown fuckers want to stay here and not get deported start layin brick ya wetback. Sieg heil white America wake up and protect your bloodline. PSA to all white women keep nigger dick out of your pussy! White power!\n\n\nGod bless the USA, God Bless our Troops & Law Enforcement and God Bless President Trump!\n\n\nU.S. Army OIF Veteran! WHITE POWER!
Good to know it was a productive day.
Full video uncensored (thumbs up)\nhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?list=PL5sr52HrKfqVXJ2fCzkgDdi-sXRC-JF1f&v=mLRbvs64qNI
The Muslim phobic comments are awful. How do you even know who did this? Even if it was a Muslim the majority are not like you think
Wow a burning bag, let me get close to it as it might potentially blow my face off.
People still mad bout trump? Why? He was elected by the people, thats how democracy works, if you dont like it, then go live in communist north korea you socialists
Call for peace and then threaten to destroy a nation. Someone get this toddler his apple juice.
... expecting history being made. Note to Jane Pauley: History was being made no matter who won the presidency. You could say that history was made because Trump is the first billionaire president. Maybe it's more accurate to say a first-in-history was being made with a first female president
MY POTATO FAMILIES
Fake news
ABC report on. Clintons uranium dealings. Not this nonsense. Obama ,Hillary ,Mueller ,Holden off to prison.
did anyone elses fingers start sweating after watching the first one?
religions ppl saying its God, well then suicide....lol just like ppl in 2012 hahaha....xD....if God did it then u need to read a fucking science book...and stop reading that shitty book name Holy shit bible.....everyday or atleast every couple of weeks an months we get big nature disasters....it dosent mean god did it.....fucking religious ppl....
When a Muslim commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Muslims.  When an African American commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all African Americans.  When a Hispanic commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame all Hispanics.  But when a white guy commits a crime, Fox and their base of conservacucks blame everyone else.
Wrong move Saudi Arabia.  Car crash rates are going to skyrocket and there's going to be traffic everywhere you go now cause women suck at driving.  I wish Trump would ban women from driving
FAKE NEWS\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n0:06 , the Great Lakes are not frozen when all of Canada isnt.
u u u uckin ell
This is important, I have 3 cats. They can't become refuges.
Beautiful in and out.
vote for annie please !!! https://tinyurl.com/anniepattison
*He is not blaming it on disrespect for Trump but disrespect in general.*
If only they both had a bare knuckle fight, really wish corbyn gave her some
we have the queens on the UK money why she the head of state
it is fucken fake guys. dont believe it.
Rap consists of a simple looped beat and the use of the words niggas and hoes. For better understanding, it is absolute shit.
Poor guy
Matt gutman sounds like a fake name
What can I say?\nHe's right!
Why are people screaming like crazy in the audience wtf... stop it...
Kim's voice is annoying 
At least May has one thing going for her; she's funnier than Lee Nelson or whatever his real name is. Unfunny bellend.
Get a bus pass you bunch of moaners.
Please show that people died in that video
I thought the title was vegans victim..
The look on the other guys face lol
MSNBC ... CLOWNS 
The damage must be in the hundreds of dollars!The horror, the horror.
I'm walking! ( Is obviously bracing against the seats) I AM A PROFESSOR!  (How is that relevant?)
I feel like it really didn't tell us much about the building...
Trump is his God. Trump says a lot of hateful & ignorant things so by his logic Trump is the reason the shooting happen? Look at Trump's campaign alone, so hateful. Logic works both ways. Trump didnt cause that tragedy, the shooter did. Damn why did he have to say that and act like he speaks for all Christians?
Back in the day they really liked to emphasize women's nipples, didn't they?
Oscar please
Stupid liberal fools! Y'all ain't gonna stop until we're a third world hell hole with zero freedom!
It's clear to the world now that the government is what is criminal. The police are just hired gun men for the criminal government.

BBC support children not knowing whether they are boys or girls why should they expect a reporter to know where to stand?
Lol i can see trump now....those damn irish asking for money from there government to help repair infrastructure how dare they this is bad really really bad for potatoes how will i have my fries
 
Trump always says what the weak biased trash media wont. He will get my vote again
Goodman! I been there
MSNBC is FAKE NEWS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnjdlfTL_z4
Not only immoral from Spanish gov (and prolly EU leaders) but it will also backfire. People of Catalonia will now be more determined than ever to brake away. And they will. And so the EU collapses. It is the end of globalism. Local gov will win. The people will win! And leaders better think twice, bc if they put in place harsh methods of oppression, they will be hunted down all over the world, after the people prevail.
I'd love to suck dry Matt Gutman's manhood .! 
White people chill !We get it y'all ain't responsible for this. You want a cookie now?
WORLDAASS NEWS.HAIL THE TODAY SHOW.HEALTHCAREAMERICA.COM ASK TRUMP IF.CLARENCE A WHITE.TODAY SHOW
How stupid can you be?
I'd probably die falling off thinking I was gonna die anyways. . .
They still have to pay for our wall....
It's the religion of peace, nothing new....
What happened in real was an FBI weapon deal with ISIS went wrong, Isis found out paddocks with the government and decided to either take him hostage and carry out the shooting or killed him and carried out the shooting...wondering why they not releasing cctvs of the casino.? Imagine if the public find out that it was an FBI -ISIS weapon deal gone wrong. SO now that paddock is killed he became the suspect for a while until the videos of multiple shooters came out. WAKE UP PEOPLE
No Video Feed Pictures?  Perhaps it never happened?  How much did this cost us?
This is normal\nbackward countries are allies of america
Oh my Kelly-I just read that we should feel for your prez because none other has been treated with such disrespect.  My god woman,  I am a citizen trying to get the hell out of here because of your praises to this admin.
What a tremendous documentary!  Such an eye opener to their day to day reality.  Abuuse, exploitation of people and resources has been the story of Latin America by invaders
0:34 that's a fine piece of ass!!!(in the white dress)
Sunday Morning used to be a good show.  But liberals ruin everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FX0eL_6AuM   maybe HE NEEDS TO LEARN A LITTLE  before he judges the 'commander and chief;
Stop monkeying around
now subscribe me. my all dear sexes xfriends
that particular open office by Wright was notoriously leaky.
Open offices should be used only when there are collaborating teams, this is why it's so common in software development as agile is almost universally used and without free and easy communication it falls apart.
Hurricane maria is nowhere near as close to Katrina. San Juan mayor is a fucking piece of shit for saying that. We need to give back this land to these spics so we can go off and worry about areselfs we just had 59 of are citizens brutally murdered and this piece of shit mayor has the balls to say she and her people are more important .. Hope she takes a bullet to the head
when can they take the sheets off their heads?
The free kick was given for goalkeeper handball outside of the box, NOT the foul in the box.\nHowever I cannot see explanation for the second handball from the free kick not being given.
You can ban bump fire stocks, but they are 3d printable, so you won't be able to stop a person who wants to kill alot of people. Again more policies being pushed that would accomplish nothing.
Cool just give me my edge points already
CNN, YOU SUCK.
Zero bomb damage on train...
Hollywood is messed up. Well I'm here for a different reason. I want to share my testimony of how a group of God sent individuals saved me from my pitiful financial state. I was in a very had place owing debts and bills till I came across PHOENIX HACKERS. They used western union flip to rescue me and in a week I had cleared all my debts and I was free.They can help you just as they helped me and today I am financially buoyant with a good business thanks to them. Contact them today @ phoenixhackers01@gmail and put an end to your financial worries
How the fuck did a video talking about ber turn into muslims and how they should be exterminated??? \nBloody hell..
And here we observe a wild Simon Brodkin in his natural habitat
Subscribe to crazy turtle 52
Dum dum dee dum dum
FAKE NEWS ALERT! I live down here and the damage is minimal this was a cat 2 storm cat 1 up here in Sarasota, these pictures are of a mobile home park that was built below flood surge level... this is common in Florida. Most of these parks are grandfathered in for zoning so you live there at your own risk but no one can get flood or wind insurance. Most of the residential areas that are built to Zone 13' are fine in any storm, that includes everything built in the last 20 or so years. Florida is beautiful and clean today because mother nature knows best... and please  play some Jimmy Buffett when showing these
AS PEOPLE BLACKS HAVE ALWAYS LEARNED TO RESPECT THE UNRESPECTABLE!  THAT IS HOW OUR RACE HAVE MANAGE TO SURVIVE AND THRIVE
I THOUGHT THAT WAS JOSH FROM JKFILMS
Please shut the hell up
omgoodness!!!
Very interesting
the female news anchor on the left is hot as fuck
south park fixed this last year, can we just move on and focus on the fact that the president is just stirring the pot to mask anything else in the news thats actually worthy. how do we care more about people kneeling before an f'ing game than we do with nuclear threats, natural disaster relief around the world, or literally anything else.
Dumb and sick idea. Why not just let people enjoy the view? Devils.
But y tho?
Driving with masks on.... Darwin awards imminent.
Megyn looks stunning in that dress!
If you gave this video a thumbs down I pity you.
WHY ARE THEY YELLING AT EACH OTHER??????
He said he had to have had some help at some point  oh yeah? Multiple people there were THERE said there was more than ONE shooter , but police/news insist that there was only one. Hmfp. The media aint shit
Wont be voting Tory again until Rees-Mogg is leader.
Shut up, pigs, she is doing just fine. Men suck.
Kids should be required to wear helmets..
Frida
It happens the same thing in the french caraibeans islands, the french governement doesnt help.
Holy shit! A right leaning person on trending.
That's a woman btw
If you want to help you can click on the next link thanks and god bless :(  'Mexico Earthquake victims' https://dm2.gofund.me/w5xfe-mexico-earthquake-victims
Poor little dog scarborough who is a total loser that was disowned from the GOP for cuckery, needs to go all the way and become a filty little democrap
Obama admin approved bump stocks You fucking dumb libtards!! Banning this wont help you need to let Americans carry so we can shoot back!  Libtards are dumb as rocks\n\nBtw the guy didnt act alone he was either Antifa or Isis
Stupid people shouldn't be allowed on the Internet.
It is quite interesting when Brexiters are telling the stories of Grate Global Britain. They all say about how it will be once UK will get there, but no one ever said how to get there. I am Polish citizen living in UK and all my wealth is in Uk so well being of this country is quite important to me. I would love to hear how are you guys going to get there (Global Britains)  after leaving EU. My wealth is at stake here and I am quite worried. Here is why: Britain has no trade deals with other countries apart those which are via EU. Britain so far has no prospects to get real trade deal with any country on day one after leaving EU. If you revert to WTO you will become less competitive then others which means others will find new suppliers. On top of that you can't really accommondate more customs problems due to lack of manpower therefore you won't be able to import as much as you want (less supplies mean higher prices and bigger inflation). If you go zero tariffs on import to offset the customs incapacity then business will get real incentive to go to EU (I am sure you can imagine why and I don't have to explain that). That lack of a trade deal on the day one after Brexit means you will do virtually no business and that will take months. Any one can imagine what can do month of lights out to any business and it can do the same to whole country. The transition period is the first smart thing UK did after voting for Brexit. Please fill free to explain to me how you will prosper after EU so I can be at ease that my and your wealth is safe :)
Okay ....um Dont judge put im 20 years old and IVE NEVER SEEN THIS PAINTING IN FACT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I SEE IT
Can we hear from the people this woman trampled on?
Robert Harris has been holding me prisoner since 2005. and will not leave me alone after public reality acting as a lender for a bank  and public realty along Vernon and Robert Harris took me through fraudulent foreclosure.  with their gaylene Harris who paid all three judges off!!!
So sad  they are in my prayers 

Where is the car? I do not see any cars?
Guy, Reads To Kill a Mockingbird 6 times. Hates himself, decides to justify why the book sucks instead.
Lmao soccer players dont do this shit lets go watch that
Look at Emma stone face, trying her best to not smile, Incase he has a job for her later.
My heart goes out to those in Vegas
     100
A perverded Jew in Hollywood nothing new
on site correspondent seems pretty thrilled to be a part of the action
Catalonia Libre!
*Emma Stone looked like she wanted to laugh at the dig but still had to be careful for her career...* What a vile industry!
Rep that Strange Music
Oh My Gawd!!! And to think I was about to stock up on some body wash.  NEVER!!
Hugh Hefner is the only person who can say 'I wasnt in it for the money' and I dont roll my eyes
Hans then masters ocean man
Great video!
Trump is such a cunt!
As soon as she said the letter said hero I knew it was fake. Trying to play with people's emotions before defending Trump. Psychology 101, man.
I love Sean and Megan Mullally, they are just having fun no matter how weird or awkward it gets :) \nThis is really the wrong place for Megyn No Relation Kelly, she did better just talking to a camera. It is a bit aggressive. But also, the new Will and Grace thing is going to be fully political every second, and who isn't tired of that? Be funny, we need funny!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB4OIjDijqM\n\nRead the comments - people i know were there and there was no such thing
*Those pets had first class tickets too.*
 he's a rare Pokemon LMFAO
This is soooooo trendy....
What the hell did this maniac do for work, that he had so much cash, several houses, planes, and a stash of weapons?
Hhhh european union pffff 
Now Black women can be a playboy bunny
CNN IS ISIS
I totally agree with you Kelly!\nI think the black lady fabricated all of the words! She is in the deep console but she should have not wasted her time to say something stupid and not important at all!\nObama Didnt even say something to the militarys family when they died!\nThe conclusion is I wont trust any black and what they say because they are LIERS!
I can't fucking take it. All these people saying my prayers are with you, think about what you're saying. You aren't giving them shit, go out there and help if you mean it.
Wow That was ice cold.\nHoly fuck\nCouldn't he have shown sympathy
All of California should burn tbh, finally get rid of the Leftists Jews using Hollywood to brainwash white women to race mix and promote liberal degeneracy
He looks so tired, proud of how hard our officials are working and god bless all of them!
Ooooh! Thats why?! Cool. Very informative. \nTrump is not going to like what you showed at 0:04 and 0:06\n\n#CNNisTHEbest
man, do they live in the past or what?
Yes Kendall take up for your little sister 
Sound of Silver - LCD Soundsystem.
Damn...why cant all whites think like him
All bs
a Casino.. of Gambeling.. in USA 20 Trillion Dollar Debt.. bothersome
The Juice is too cool for jail! He is my idol....where da white womans at?......
i think seperatism is dumb but it is also a right of a people group to distance themselves from others and the spanish police is acting like a autoritairian army does when people protest and if such a high percentige of people want to leave spain they should be able to.
OBVIOUS HOAX IS OBVIOUS
Inbred
They wouldn't dare show the stands during football or basketball games while the National Anthem is playing. THEN you would see AmeriKKKa's hypocrisy is FULL action... People talking, walking around, texting, selfies, and the best.... BOOING WHILE ITS PLAYING, etc.  Can't have the truth coming out and get angry at athletes for taking a knee. Hypocrites!
Sounds all depressingly familiar. Decades old cover-ups, media power, and so on. Remember the Cosby-case, remember the Savile-scandal in the UK, it goes on and on. The lack of morality in the media-sector is truly shocking.
Now for as long as supplies last you can Get your premier black head remover California Charcoal for FREE! Must go to any participating burned out neighborhood and collect all you want!
dumb redneck lol
Ohhhh myyyy goooooddddd tttttthhhhhaaatatttt wwaaassssss soooooooo baaaaaaddddd wwwhhhaaatttttt sssshhhheeee ssssaaaiiidd
http://ggghhh8.com/intr/f3ebce4e7f041027 \nfree
Can some one please explain how that's a special effects? How would that even work?
What else are they gonna add a hologram bolder falling down.??
General Kelly is an amazing man and knowing he is in the White House makes me feel a tad better. My father is a marine corp veteran that served in Vietnam so I have an incredible respect for our troops.
welcome to hue mangus
When you realize propaganda that pays to get on trending is how things get trending...
This is so sad my prayers go out to everyone affected by Irma 
He turned out to be such a Ginger Hunk!! Hubba Hubba!
O.J......... Another NFL..........SOB
the ground already thawed. might as well plant something on top after they stop.
That's kinda funny
the camera only zoom into the worse house. May be most houses are good.
BISMILLAHI ILLAHI, BLOOD SUN WILL BE CAME OUT FROM WEST ATLANTIC AND \nPACIFIC TO ANTARTICA WAS BEGINING YOUR COUNTRY IN IRELAND TO LONDON AND \nAFRICA IN FUTURE. UNKNOW WHEN! THE BEGUN POLY SHIFT EARTH TURN NORTH TO \nSOUTH. AMEEN YA RABBAL ALAMEEN WALHAMDULILLAH ILLAHI
In high school my classes didnt cover any classics except for To Kill a Mockingbird and Shakespearean plays. I took it upon myself and ended up reading Fahrenheit 451, Animal Farm, Catcher in the Rye, Lord of the flies, 1984, of Mice and Men, and my least favorite Heart of Darkness in my free time. \n\nPersonally I think most of them were overated and hyped up except Animal Farm and 1984. The meanings in them were nice but most of them just bored me out of my mind. Kids today also dont even read, im pretty sure most students just read summaries on snopes and sparknotes nowadays so :/ its a lost art to anaylyze readings unless you really want too.
The girl in pink is world famous now...she will be in a movie..will get a book deal. write a book...become a porn star...be at super market openings and dine with the royals...she will commended for her bravery and given a medal..she will be a millionaire by XMAS.
Just WOW
May allah be with them and protect them all
how adorable
Kylie wasn't there because she's pregnant
What concerns me is that there is no news coming in from Puebla.  Puebla is a huge city and quite near the epicenter of this earthquake.  No news from Puebla in this case is very bad news.  My grandfather built a beautiful university in Puebla and I would really like news from Puebla if you can get it.  Any advice would be appreciated.
It is very appropriate that I make this speech in Florence, the home of Machiavelli
Wtf is wrong with ppl
now subscribe me. my all dear sexes xfriends
MSNBC ... CLOWNS 
The whole show was a cringe fest.
we had hurricane Harvey destroying houston, Irma on Florida, 3 tropical storms/hurricane in Mexico, a few weeks there was  the strongest earthquake ever record with a magnitude of 8.2 that destroyed a few cities in Mexico. And the worst part.... we had THREE HURRICANES TODAY, one in California with a magnitude of 3.2, one in Mexico city with a magnitude of 7.1 that also destroyed many cities, and a few minutes ago there was an earthquake (6.2 magnitude) in New Zealand. WTF IS GOING ON..... IS THE END OF THE FUCKING WORLD.\n\nALL OF THIS EARTHQUAKES AND HURRICANES TRIGGERING EACH OTHER, IT'S GOING TO FUCK US UP \n\n THERE IS STILL MORE HURRICANES AND EARTHQUAKES YET TO COME.
IF his lips are moving he is lying.
*Harvey arrives at Texas* Oh my lord this is a total disaster, what a nightmare, we'll never recover! Lord have mercy!\n\n*Ophelia hits Ireland* T'is but a light breeze!
Do yourself a favour and repent.
Virile is pronunciated veer-aisle, not viral.
Fuck the cops
Police lie. Paddock was undercover FBI. ISIS got the jump on him. Another fast & furious
Some cracked at CNN thought it was a good idea to upload this....
Why is there the Emmys in the middle of the year? No wonder no one bothered to see this.
Fuck manee . so Muslims is terrorists but Caucasians aint ??
NEW Y/T watch >   Stephen Paddock Las Vegas Shooters Neighbor Says it Was a False Flag Event Saying He Was Set Up  <\nby Real World News SHARE he liked Trump
50% of Americans still don't know that Hillary and the DNC lost the last election.\n\nLiberals always believe the world could be so much better, if only SOMEONE ELSE cared a bit more. Their reservoir of hypocrisy deflection and blame certainly never runs dry.
And they ll still let more f these so called refugees in
If we don't punish the people who sold this man the illegal kits to make these weapons automatic, it will happen again. We are a nation of laws Right? Then enforce the FECKING laws...
YA I MADE A MIS TAKE !! TRUMP > TWEER MAN OR HILLAY LIER ! IS THIS WHAT U GAVE US > WHAT A JOKE > IM NOT LAUGHTING !!! SORRY FOR MY MIS SPELL>I CANT READ !!U ARE ALL A JOKE !! HAY > KIM HAS AN H>B NOW LAUGHT THAT OFF !! DUM ASS !! U WILL KILL US ALL > ASS HOLES !!
Never have I heard so many words said and so little substance contained therein
Almost every 2 months fucking insane
Only dumb *niggers* and *beaners* see this as racist
is it just me, or does anyone else feel hatred towards this man?
Prayers from america
I want to learn Japanese.  Sounds cool
oh boo.
Taxes payed for classes on hitler Paul Ryan took
One of the best line: \nThe problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. President Trump, first speech to UN general assembly, Sep 19, 2017
I'm a disabled veteran. I agree 100% with you on this one. I wrote this for our flag.\nFor our flag.\nThey tell me you were given the right to insult me,\nspit on me, stomp on me,\nurinate and defecate on me,\ncut me, rip me,\ndrag me, burn me.\nAs a protest against me, or against my nationalism, or just because you feel insulted, based on your freedom of speech.\nSome of your schools no longer fly me, nor your children pledge allegiance for my cause.\nBut, regardless of what you do to me. I will fly where I am welcomed.\nI will cover those who sacrifice, and represent those who cherish virtue, liberty, justice and freedom. \nI will not waiver in my cause, no matter what forces come against me.\nI represent something much greater, than your right to desecrate me.\nAnd I shall fly proudly, and cover all those who sacrifice for that something greater!\nPlease take the time to listen to my entire letter here, start at the 23:00 minute mark https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-qYds7Z1Og.\nGod Bless The United States of America!
Why does Russell always walk onto sets in slow motion 
Amazing how many little snowflakes are triggered by this.
AHHHHHHHHHHH
Solidarity? You mean monkey see monkey do?
Free Catalonia from China --! Finally--!
10 that's it really
Who care what he says
#31 on trending with 5000 views and 153 thumbs up... what the fuck
Only a few centuries late!  See? Moslems can change!  very progressive people these goat fuckin  faggots are. Pisslam for all!  Moohamed- may piss be upon you, and all carpet pilots 
This is not to far away from the San Andreas fault line
Yet another disgruntled Democrat.
Why don't all of the Carribbean countries and Mexico pitch in to help their Spanish-speaking brothers ?
He's going to hurt his 14 year old ex girlfriend Cassandra now. 14 30 cas and cas only
He did all this to get back at his wife nice
This place was so beautiful. I've made a drone video of it and its one of my favorite videos. Hopefully the will put that place to the same condition very soon
I STAND FOR THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION!!!\nNever let a symbol of freedom become more important than the freedom for which it stands for.\nPatriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag. Patriotism is about making this a country where everyone wants to.
I WOULD need change of underwear that's for sure.
Whatever. Who cares about ur shame! Whats the point of it now! Ugh dont like her!!!!
She did not mention that her father already AT THAT TIME was a powerful personality in Hollywood so she was rather untouchable. I wonder why she did not say that.
isnt it better to be united??? peace
1791L: Political art.
I would respect the catalans to go on vote, but they can not surely print their own electoral cards (and so on) how do you think that should work !!??? The Spanish government is right to declare it illegal. If they want to get out of Spain they should !! I don't like people who don't want to be part of their own country. But they should also respect the catalans who are Spanish and want remain part of Spain ! Who is respecting them ?? And additionally the results should be determined by a large and huge difference as you cannot get independence by only 60% or so !
7:23 UNLEEACH CIA REAVGNE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eVr4ZuSDVg&t=300s EMIINEM UNLEACH WAR DEATY olle for STOLE MY ELECTION
Visita mi canal
you people are sad and pathetic ...
!st vid0! Guys ls rt  t vid0 0n m chnnl.Wh0 lid this vid0, lik lik)?
Who the fuck liked this video!?
No rosario? What bs, she was a main player too.
Fuck the police.
      .
It's a hoax made by the Chinese lol
fill up your gas tanks! it took all this time since before iris hit to drop 35 cents. they've shut down all of the oil places a couple days ago
Admit it, all of you thought in the title it said Ps5.....
BURN THEM ALL! Distracting the public from real world problems for years.
ps - Sean Spicer, ratings were bad less than 12m people
Shit everywhere I bet
That little girl is my everything She is a TRUE SAVAGE. Its not the fact that it's the princes popcorn that makes what she did a savage. It's the fact that she took MULTIPLE handful amounts of popcorn. That little girl is an inspiration to many, of true savageness. I will clap for her with pride .  I also like to say I love how the prince was so nice about it. Yes that is expected of him but, I still feel that if he wasn't prince he would be just as nice about it. I find that very commendable because nowadays people are so ready to go off and beat others to a pulp. But, he seemed genuinely happy and fine with what she did. All in all I think this video is just very cute and kind.
Man southwest you were the competent one now no airline is good anymore
*The Ting Goes???*
God bless you pastor Lee. For once, and American who calls himself a Christian, actually living out the Gospel of Christ in a way that matters and is relevant to what's happening in our world today. Rare to see among Americans.
Why are they just considering to get more netting in New York. They should get more netting everywhere to help this problem.
UHH VOX THIS IS NOT ACCURATE OR BASED OF FACTS SPOKEN BY THE ARTIST SO DONT TELL PEOPLE LIES YOU DONT HAVE FACTS OR REFRENCES U DONT THINK ABOUT OR EXPLAIN WHY U LIE OR WHY U MAKE VIDEOS ON PEOPLE THAT ACTUALLY DO WHAT U CANT DO ESPECIALLY THE GUY THAT JUST COSIGNS WITH EVERYTHING THAT YES MAN!!! OH
So, this is like a pepe? A hate symbol that has been parodied over and over.
Everybody loves B (  .   Y    .  ) B S!
Lool. If you call this bad then that's nothing. Seriously these look right next to the ocean too. Trailer park looked decent. Did you plan the before and after, common? You can't call this catastrophic
It wasn't that bad in parts of Florida ,but it hit the Carribean horribly
perfect soil to bury those climate change deniers.
Natures deportation
Just got a 30 second unskipable a. Y u like this
stupid motorsports made in US
this has to be the most clickbait fraudulent claim of destruction I've ever seen. small tornadoes will do 10x the amount of damage this did. who's agenda are you fulfilling usa today???
My bong was in there man...\n1 like = 1 prayer
Puerto Rico is the U.S side chick who is always asking for money but damn is she thick 
I thought they were camel riders??
For those who think Apple will fall.\n\nIt won't, kid.\n\nUs middle and upper class will continue to use Apple products for ages to come. Even without the lower class's profit margin, Apple still makes an profit to reach a trillion dollar company.
Perfectly said !!
No idea what this shit is
They need to interview people that have creditability. This is a serious topic but putting a antiamerican up there not a good idea
Basicly they just excluded some facts
Sold down the river.people of great britian you are and always will be slaves to the eu.
Just mute and watch the hot chick.
Der englische Prinz ist geizig
Jake Gyllenhaal's evil older brother is ALSO not an acceptable alternative for the Oval Office
If you liked Dunkirk,  you'll love Brexit
FAKE NEWS
19 kids and counting, lol
Corbyn says it was just some a disadvantaged IED looking for a way to let off some steam.
The after shocks are the problem
Get rekt,luis fonzi
One day after Westminster bridge attack one us pilot killed 175 Iraqi Civilians in Iraq , now In Order to target 175 people how many target you must hit to kill 175 people it was not accident it was deliberate
This guy know how to handle the hysterical media you just don't back down
*Look out dudes! Religion of blast you to pieces.....i mean, very very peaceful, coming through!*
Get this lisping faggot out of the country.
so CNN, fake news much?
And then after a week or 2, everyone forgot this matter happened. Humanity just rocks.
People be asking why this is on trending, when for the past few weeks 20k CNN videos keep getting on trending....
This is sum sort of...pedOPHILIA! 
It's not rocket science why, Bill Nye. Damn
Best part of the speech
Idk if taxi was speeding but even if he was idk what he will be charged with but it wont be as bad as it could like 20 years, since bike ran red light
Wake up people this whole thing is FAKE. Like bostonhoaxathon sandyhoax and all the rest.
Go check out my new HURRICANE IRMA EVACUATION VIDEO ON MY CHANNEL @LIL CHIDO HERE'S THE LINK-https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=ktUI-cLJAL0
I think this has something to do with the concert shooting
Brilliant.
I guess this is the latest hot thing\nPeople being dragged off airplanes\nUntil something new comes along the media will bombard us with this shit
My condolences to the people of Mexico.  I think this is a hoax by North Korea. The whole thing hurricane Irma, Harvey, Jose . Now the Earthquake. I think North Korea's bomb  activate everything. Karma will come.
You forgot to count other 30,000 in that town...
so is mrs may going to close our borders and cut off the oppressors? or are we weak? our own special forces are the ones that   should be fighting terrorism1 check out  the iranian embassy siege. a few s.a.s soldiers dealt with it but maybe thats why they are nt being used
what kind of fuck shit is this?!?
he did not achieve nothing and he will be forgotten like he never existed - how many times a day we think of Humphrey Bogart ??? hahaha   no one will miss him. He is where he is ... he did not take anything with him ... sooo much for nothing.
Funny how all of these professors are getting caught doing the stupidest shit these days. Here they are people. Those super educated people who say you are all deplorable uneducated idiots. These are the educated people who think they know what's better for you than you do. These are the people who voted for Hillary and Bernie. People who think you should be kicked off the plane because they couldn't follow the rules. Lmmfao. These are your self proclaimed most educated people in America. \n\nSo educated apparently, that they think the rules no longer apply to them. Bitch got exactly what she deserved.
What has he done to his well groomed hair
These people see racism everywhere. Nobody but the progdroids listen to them anymore. Very sad.
Why can not see any people in the city
Stay safe and help each other out. God Bless
If she didnt listen for a bad reason then drag her ass of the plane. She just trying to be a victim.
He going to be the next killer
Ugh, ANOTHER Hurricane?!
what the hell even is this? lol, and people say the trending page isn't hand-picked by youtube staff. this is proof, because if it was based on shares like some people say it is, then who the hell would be sharing this
She looks really punchable. Like she works for Buzzfeed or something.
Look at Emma stone face, trying her best to not smile, Incase he has a job for her later.
United Airlines did it first
Good Riddance idiot
FUCK THE LEFT
But Catalonia has belonged to Spain since the 15th century
 #17 on trending and look at the like to dislike ratio I cant
jessica layton, you got a boyfriend?
So Uber are paying Youtube to put these stories on trending? There's 3 of them, come on. This really isn't a big deal. \nI would say it ucks for the immigrant Uber driver, cuz they will have to go back maybe but to be fair London seems a seperate community to the rest of England so maybe they can stay and just claim benefits like their wives probably do. \nLet's hope this gets sorted out, we wnt peoplpe from wherever working
whats the backround song?
I am so relieved he had a Monocle... I thought for a moment he would fail but HE DID NOT
fuck you, danny...why don't you crawl back up into your mom's ass...you homosexual...liberal piece of shit. stop fucking your sister
Bannon a worthy successor to Andrew brietbart
God, Why White people are so disgusting! They are making fun of this tragedy! Do they like if Mexican people make fun when 9/11 happened! and more than 3000 people died! Lord have mercy!
The reason her mom probably let her keep doing it is bc he was probably already sharing with her. The mom knew he didn't care. He was probably holding her and all during game. It's very sweet, normal and EXACTLY what his mother would want him to do! This was probably going on the entire time and he let baby girl do it. People get your undies outta your butts!!!
I'm disappointed in the fact that this is continuing to push the narrative of the mesoamerican people's mysterious disappearance. we should all be aware by now that colonization and european aggression played a huge role in the destruction of the american indigenous tribes and empires.
*hundreds. Don't sugar coat it, details were out by yesterday.
I kinda feel bad for some of the uber drivers that were in my service but I'm also glad black cab drivers are going to have more of their business back
LMAO
Aren't we all...just a little lost? 
I love how awakened people are on this comment section. I thought it was going to be littered with brainwashed sheep who applaud these overpaid, propaganda actors. Good Job! #redpillnation
But Jane Fonda is a liberal? Dumbfucks
He made a joke about it, then never mentioned it again, so you can tell he was serious about pursuing justice.
asta q se van ayenar las iglecias de mi se acuerdan. ay si Dios mio Dios mio .con otro temblor ya no se van olvidar d Dios.sigan su vida loca .el rreligioso estan locos .esto es el principio
Trump Pence 2020
It has the look of an impressive city but on closer look you realize it is a ghost town. Interesting.
BLAME RACISM never mind the fact that Haitians are not very intelligent and has tried to invade the DR many times in the past.
Her laugh is so flattering.
The interviewer couldn't make it more awkward for these legends with her imbecilic questions
When I'm on my business but forgot to lock my door and my parents surprisingly comes in...
Faux News Channel
This alleged terror attack is a FAKE STAGED HOAX DRILL committed by the Government & reported by the corrupt complicit mainstream media as a real event. Crisis actors used as victims & eye witnesses. ALL terror attacks in UK have been staged by the UK Government, used to implement new laws to remove your freedom & privacy, to instill fear, divide people & now they're going after free speech via censorship of the internet. Government trying to shut up anyone that goes against their bullshit lies & actions. The Government are the terrorist using psychological terrorism against it's own people.
This looks so cool when you're high
America is using haarp once again.
You anti gun fucks dont realize mentally ill will kill with or without guns. We banned drugs did that work .my boss is a sherrif he said mentally ill get let out in 1 or 2 days they take there meds and the doc says there good and they get released thats the issue. This shits staged its always a ar15 and assault weapons this is a inside job. no one saw him carrying a van full of guns get real. And thousands of rounds how fucking dumb is america to believe i carried 100 rounds at a steak n shoot and that was a bitch .ammo is fucking heavy this smellz foul to high heaven.wake up people this was a inside job by someone who is a anti gun nut . There is no way in hell he carried this in it would take days to set that up . And no one saw this in his room i want to see camera footage from the hotel of him carrying i shoot guns there fucking heavy this is bullshit
Wtf is wrong with ppl
Racism needs to be addressed in this country. Black leaders need to condemn this race based shooting.
At this point there are 7 videos of shooter on the forth floor as well as police audio. The body in the room doesn't have paddock's neck tattoo AND has the wrong eye color.
Religion does not deserve great respect. It deserves ridicule. The right for one to believe ridiculous things deserves great veneration. Im sure what he meant to say is that his version of religion or religions he agrees with deserve respect. No wonder its a known fact that you cant be an out of the closet atheist while in the army. Women arent sacred either. They are equals and should be treated with the utmost respect like all other human beings. Saying women are sacred means fawning over them and putting them on a pedestal. My gf doesnt want me to hold the door for her, organize her banking or mow the lawn. I dont do all the mans work we do it together. I dont respect her because shes a woman, I respect her because shes a great human being. I guarantee that this guy does not support women in the military. A trans gender person would blow his mind hahaha. Things are sacred are things that cant be touched or critiqued. Things that arent up for negotiation or debate. Nothing should be sacred. Is marriage between a man and a woman sacred in his eyes? Probably. The crappy part is that wackos on the left have made truly debating things like employment equity impossible. Things cant be sacred. One of the CNN meat heads said we need civil discourse. NO. If you tell me the world is flat Im not going to be polite. Im going to call you an idiot. If you tell me climate change is a hoax I will not be polite. But now Im labelled as being on the left. Well I think BLM is going about things poorly, HRC was a soooooper liar and Im unsure about employment equity and really have doubts about this wage gap thing (seems to be mounting evidence on both sides). But the left has made these sacred. Facts are sacred but facts are often difficult to come by. Trump has lied so much and has shown such little empathy that attempting this grand phone call was no doubt over his head. On the flip side if my father who was in the army, died and had his body brought back and then some politician showed up with a fucking bedazzled cowboy hat CLEARLY using situation as an opportunity, I would have rolled up that cowboy hat and smoked those rocks all the way back to Miami.
It's sad how companies have to issue apologies to save face. Pathetic.
the situation in puerto rico is not that bad. my family lives there. hes totally right.
BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT RIGHT BOY YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT YEAH RIGHT
end of the world
Christ do we have to get offended about everything? Dude likes boobs. Welcome to earth.
Hey someone take OJ to the mall an buy him some fresh socks and draws!
Wot a lad
YouTube trending only targets liberals as indicated by the dislikes.  Look at all other Fox videos and the like ratio is 96%.  Interesting social engineering techniques.
Haven't you learned that all these types of reports are FAKE!
Thanks, the TV news here in Argentina never say anything about Ireland.
Propaganda... propaganda never changes.
Those who talk bad about Islam from behind a fack pro-pic and an alias, if you really that brave use your really info and post your address as well, so we can have a... real progressive conversation about it...
Where is Valentine when you need him
Gay
I am so tired of hearing celebs like them saying it is such a blessing but they are not being a blessing to anyone but themselves.
Why is this trending
Jane Fonda is blaming Donald Trump for the actions of Harvey Weinstein and the Hollywood elites. The opposite is true as Donald Trump is responsible for this story being let out to the public. Had Hillary Clinton been elected, this story would have NEVER come out, as Harvey Weinstein is a GOD in Hollywood according to Meryl Streep. It is not male entitlement, it is money entitlement and people like Jane Fonda and Meryl Streep who refused to speak out against their GOD in the person of Harvey Weinstein.
My father was on this train when the explosion happened, it made him fly backwards and hit his back on the seat, I hope the guy who did this has been found and killed!
He said assault rifles, fucking idiots these days
Awww look at how many white people this commercial triggered
The problem is these idiot cyclists not following the traffic lights.  This happens all the time in NY.  I get hit by cyclists in the street all the time here.  Even on the sidewalk.  For fucks sake.
Yes I agree and a little less naive
Inbred mothefucker family
Disliked Hillary
Coming from Hanoi Jane, I don't believe her.
Legend
Thats some nice lyrics! Versace Verscae Versace Versace Versace Truly life changing XD
It gives me hope seeing most comments about prayer and false flag events  people seems to actually be waking up
Well Shit
Hey look there's ads on here. #Youtubelies
A typical jewish pervert. All jewish directors and producers are perverts, pedophiles, and rapists.
rednecks believe anything. lol
The US shoulda annexed the DR when we had the chance 
I actually like this guy, but once a pos always one.  Zebras dont change their stripes man.\nThis guys story is race driven, period.  Watch footage of all the people cheering when he was found not guilty.  If you want to call them people.
a question that hasn't come out yet.  When did racism or being racist ever become solely and diversely linked to only African American ridicule?  Isn't racism everywhere or better yet, isn't racism conveyed both ways?  Maybe the white majority is too obvious but there a just as many other cultures that frequently hate on another group fueled by international and/or domestic history.  ...
USA is a mess
Bravo!  Thank you.
Dead meme
Have you seen a SECRET AIRPORT ENTRANCE https://youtu.be/JOPBo4iJhEk
Scripted.....
If we all talked and told, yet when you're told you do nothing.
Another crazy leftist
Jeff flake is a horrible. If the bill were so good why jam in through? Cretins.
wait until you see the US earthquake
Muslims must be so happy .
         .\n         .\n         .
Awwww Im crying
Why is this important? Someone else kneeled during the anthem report on that.
not sure if prank or made in china plexiglass
They give warnings on tickets if u don't wanna be in danger then sit up on top deck or areas that balls aren't flying at you
what about the refugees
Because of this I will probably never go to a concert ever again 
Are the dogs fine?
Muslims hate dogs. She has no allergy.
LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nTHIS IS FUCKIN HILARIOUS!!!!\nITS NOT AIDS OR SICKLE CELL FUNNY. BUT ITS PRETTY GODDAMN FUNNY!!!
So, what exactly Trump did?
God is stronger than US military....
Buy ten copies of Art of Manliness: Manvotionals and hand them to receptive young males.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
Ok so what are the police supposed to do when they refuse to leave the plane? Ask nicely and if she says no then well better luck next time?
Why is Kylie not here?
Megyn Kelly sucks on morning tv.  Who asks about plastic surgery during an interview about a movie.  Her gotcha style interviews sucks and hurts the TODAY show brand. Stars are going to start boycotting appearances because of her
What I don't understand is why people are blaming Islam (for them not driving in the first place) it's dumbass Saudi Arabia they need to be hating on, all the other muslims had no problem with it (coming from a Saudi)
Gamzee Makara, anyone?
Finally! Daughter fucker pedos are all sad and triggered.
Jane was looking daggers at Megyn and rightly so. Megyn was extremely rude, would she want to be asked about her hair extensions?  I've always liked Jane Fonda and am glad to see her and Redford together again in a sequel of sorts to Barefoot in the Park. I don't recognize that electric horseman movie because it was so awful.
About time
End results of swinging lifestyle and gangbangs. 
Wow!! After all these years,They all look amazing!! So great!! Not sure megyn Kelly will last,but I adore Will & Grace!!
l want someone to look at me the way james franco looks at tommy wiseau
Basketball: pretend to get tripped and ref lets you win game\nRacecars: Smash someone elses car and they get tased and arrested\nHmmmmmmmm
I feel like he meant well but that comment was slightly degrading to women. It's like he implied that they were okay with pretending. But I don't think he meant it that way, it just came out that way
That's not racist
Oooh Emma, what were u thinking?
reptil
good idea to attract visitor
This gentleman is superb and a master at his craft! I was actually fascinated and engrossed in his presentation. My compliments and thanks for his enlightening instruction!
Genius.
In Rihanna's voice: Where have you been! Cause I never see you around.
Thought wed got rid of all the witches after maggie thatcher, but I guess not
What a lot of people don't realize is that even though it didn't completely obliterate Florida, there are many of the islands like the Bahamas and various other places that will never ever be the same again. This storm was a monster, but we're only focused on what it did to one place and not the rest.
F'n tards, both of them.
Visit the channel if you want to access the straight path.\nvisit this channel to listen to Holy Quran the last book from the God!!to humanity.\nVisit the channel if you want to reach happiness and comfort ! In this life and the Hereafter.
This is unacceptable let's drop some bombs on Afghanistan and teach them a lesson!!
I don't see how a free Catalonia benefits either side sure the Spanish government hasn't acted how Catalonia wanted but this is going a little to far. It would be like if California decide to break away from the USA because it believes it can survive better in its own and doesn't agree with President Trumps actions it's pure lunacy
Get that woman a tv show!
SILENCERS bill that will put America more in DANGER! \nSportsmen's Heritage and Recreational Enhancement ('SHARE') Act\nA sponsor of the bill, Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., argues that the proposal, called the Hearing Protection Act, is focused on protecting law-abiding gun owners from hearing damage.\nRep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C.\nPhone office : (202) 225-5301
Sad to say... This topic will blow over in 2 weeks and we'll be talking about the kardashians again
Why nobody talks about Dutchsinse??
Mother Nature is aborting her unwanted children. It's legal in Mexico.
He isn't a kid; he's an old goat. Satan worked through this conduit.
You guys hear that? That's the sound of car wreck frequency rising in Saudi Arabia
Atleast nobody disrespected the flag.
What is that ending song? Brilliant closing music.
Shame on you General..in memory of your son you lie to defend 45 the coward that got 5 deferments for a heel spur..the coward,bigoted ,3 x married,slime your son would be disgusted with you.
And millions of ignorant Americans think that this suck old fuck is what Christian is.
Leave this on every video to spread love. #PrayforVegas
There was a earthquake in West Virginia last week it was not a big one I think a 3.1. I am shocked to see places like WV getting earthquakes. The earth is moving and getting ready for something.
I just focused my attention on that hot reporter
Child #9, please.
UHH VOX THIS IS NOT ACCURATE OR BASED OF FACTS SPOKEN BY THE ARTIST SO DONT TELL PEOPLE LIES YOU DONT HAVE FACTS OR REFRENCES U DONT THINK ABOUT OR EXPLAIN WHY U LIE OR WHY U MAKE VIDEOS ON PEOPLE THAT ACTUALLY DO WHAT U CANT DO ESPECIALLY THE GUY THAT JUST COSIGNS WITH EVERYTHING THAT YES MAN!!! OH
Everyone is laughing - even though its not really funny. Except maybe understood as very dark sarcasm. Serial sexual harassment and rape - how HILARIOUS!  LOL
did she say hoes?
When will western leaders learn?
Welp looks like this is the start of a soon to come civil war between the left and everyone that doesnt agree with them
Another terrorist attack the world is going to forget within 48h. A world ran by retards.
An honorable person who never liked to talk about his sons death made to belittle and lower himeself to defend that moron. Who skipped on serving because of that foot thing. But no getting through to his followers, so I wont even try
Quality video! Thanks!
Criminals are gonna find a way to get a hold of anything.
Espaa, levanta mucha envidia por nuestra manera de vivir y ver el mundo. Lo mejor que le puede pasar al planeta es que todos seis espaoles. Los independentistas no pueden robarnos al resto de espaoles los derechos. Catalua pertenece a todos los espaoles. Los catalanes solo viven en ese pedazo de tierra. Informaros antes de hablar de nuestro pas Espaa. Sois unos ignorantes los mismos enemigos del pasado son los mismos enemigos del presente. El castellano el la lengua ms bonita que existe.
The problem is these idiot cyclists not following the traffic lights.  This happens all the time in NY.  I get hit by cyclists in the street all the time here.  Even on the sidewalk.  For fucks sake.
Bannon is a hero. Not interested in watching the reporters gang up on their target 3 on 1 afterwards to create the illusion of majority opinion in the minds of the public they try to brainwash. Absolutely filthy behavior. Shame on you.
This is trending but iDubbz isn't
Youd be hard pressed to find one person there with an IQ over 90
I don't believe he was a nice guy
Trump had to say that, he is still a racist and should be impeached. The US loves the Mexican people. Stay strong.
Time is short, Jesus is returning and if you want to go back with him then just believe he died for your sins and rose to life again \n\n1st Corinthians 15:1-4
Trump an inept president. No campaign promises have come into fruition. McConnel put that judge in with strategy. Trump is all talk. He launches the MOAB with no real consequence. He's the laughingstock on the world stage. No world leader respect him instead they make jokes about him. What an embarrassment to the US. MAGA indeed.
Add my channel 
Amy Schumer is on it, that answers your question
Fake
So many racists and Trump supporters in the comments here.
Just another one of the things that's gonna get destroyed in California due to the earthquake in 2019
That's me when I switch from night shift to day shift at work!!! Lol
All these snowflakes are triggered by a black woman speaking the truth. Do you all need a safe space? I thought you guys hated PC culture, she's not being PC here. \n\nAlso what she says is facts. I don't necessarily think that Trump is a white supremacist, but the ignorant idiot did in fact surround himself with white supremacist;  Bannon, Gorka, Miller. Being a white nationalist is just a synonym for white supremacist. Wake up and smell the coffee, snowflakes.
Now even grass is out to kill us because of global warming.... great.
What a creepy music
God damn nigga we dead
In India almost every middle class family has a GRANITE countertop.\nToo low for a every american life goal.\n\nEven i have a four story house with flooring of Marble and Granite
Nice one... will someone please fire Susan?
Is anyone surprised the woman who got caught red handed rigging the election, During the election, supports Colin?
Love Southwest Airlines
How can you compare a social worker or a teacher to someone serving in the military?
Y'all wild this is lit!! 
I how long it'll be before the BBC disable the comments
If u guys want some quick coverage of all types of news check out my Twitter       https://mobile.twitter.com/newsgalore1
climate change deniers. ..
Pat Robertson, you sow discord in this world. You are a false prophet and only Hell's gaping maw awaits you.
I'd rather go church n PRAISE THE LORD n not rubber ducky!
Sooooo bizzarre..
Isn't that embarrassing to know your dad jerked you off in a tube?
Alison Krauss is so breathtaking. I get chills every time I hear her sing. She has the voice of an angel. My god be with all the victims from the vegas shooting. 
ophelia ,harvey,sandy,irma and more please never come back dont bring your friends
YOU ARE ALL IDIOTS YOU ARE THE FACE OF THIS COUNTRY STUPID RACIST SEXIST AND BACKWARDS YOU PROBABLYHAVE THE IQ OF A SHOE SIZE
Who can forget the classics likeWA$H YO A$$ and FUCK YOU HO'S!?!
Wow a burning bag, let me get close to it as it might potentially blow my face off.
A Brain and a Shell. The Brain can be trained to do anything. But we can't look pass the Shell, The Color.
Harvey,Maria,Irma, earthquake, fire, this is a warning guys were gonna die
Don't scroll down. It's not worth it.
Kneeling is a sign of respect so this shouldn't bother anyone.
The earth moved for peats sake,
fuck Jane Fonda. she suggested Vietnam POWs be shot. and she said it on camera.
Where are the angry brits?
5k views... Trending
The people of the United States are with you!  For now our prayers and encouragement; soon, whatever aid we can give.  I love beautiful Mexico City and am deeply saddened at this tragedy.  Am also encouraged to see citizens immediately rolling up their sleeves to search for the missing;  even businessmen in dress shirts and ties wielding sledge hammers!  May God bless you all and keep you safe.  Our condolences to the families who lost loved ones and friends. :(
Wow he must be pretty close to the Target because he's getting a lot of flack on these comments
Ban Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)\nCitalopram (Celexa)\nEscitalopram (Lexapro, Cipralex)\nParoxetine (Paxil, Seroxat)\nFluoxetine (Prozac)\nFluvoxamine (Luvox)\nSertraline (Zoloft, Lustral)
Imagine the shooter was dressed like Elvis
Rest in peace Tom Petty
The people of the United States are with you!  For now our prayers and encouragement; soon, whatever aid we can give.  I love beautiful Mexico City and am deeply saddened at this tragedy.  Am also encouraged to see citizens immediately rolling up their sleeves to search for the missing;  even businessmen in dress shirts and ties wielding sledge hammers!  May God bless you all and keep you safe.  Our condolences to the families who lost loved ones and friends. :(
I think America should fire Presidents who disrespect the flag.
I don't watch a lot of tv but I don't recognize a single person that has gotten an award.
Oh my goodness
The CBC girls are still wetting themselves.this is why Trudeau is there boy beauty before content.
Please, please, please install some kind of safety barrier ! I have a little girl around the same age myself and this video has actully made me cry. We live in a world where bad things can not be prevented but this is something that most certainly could of been. Is there some kind of donation page for that little princess ?
LOL GIVING THE IRISH GUY SUBTITLES
Pretty sure no one wants to loot that...sorry for all the victims...sorry also that our President isn't mentally capable of understanding their pain or how to respond... </3
General Kelly, sir, what are you helping Trump hide?  Shame on you for using our dead soldiers. Guess it did not bother you when you got soldiers killed, now you are willing to smash what is left to advance your agenda, sir.    CREEP
WOW, Dale you couldn't be more right about anything you just said!!
communists. even some are wearing the communist antifa shirts
Puerto Rico will be never fixed permanently. That is the essence of a colony. Keep it subservient. Thats why donating money is a poor idea.
Pfff wtf this is nothing
You can find more features of this app i.e baby heartbeat monitor app free, baby heartbeat Doppler, baby heartbeat listener free, my baby heartbeat, baby heartbeat gender\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.baby_heart_rate_monitor_listener&hl=en
Pray for the Mexicans girls, animals and kids... And others.
Yall Got me crying all ready this morning! Thankyou for teaching those Babies to SING their hearts out!!!
For some reason I do not buy this story about  Steven Paddock. Makes no sense and things do not do add up in my mind. Anyone else agree?
I just think that a lot of these people are just doing it for their own benefit of publicity and exposure. I don't think they really care for what's going on.
First off im scared of heights.second are they trying 2 make a mf have a HEART attack 
And of course the ball had to go straight to her out of all those people!
<3
he looks pretty good for 70
This video is cancer, you sound like you live in your moms basement, get a job and stop saying how rap is a different type of masculinity because it's not, it's just a music preference
   !!!
How the hell do they make this video without calling it : How American Gothic became so iconic. Come one people, rhymes
I swear these names wtf
All our prayers are with you Mexicans . From Algeria.
qualiy content
you should never be overconfident. and in the end, well, the Dems abandoned white people - and white people abandoned them.
http://huredrhjto.bid/8711966267852/
We all know this was a false flag.
         ..    
California next
What if the real glass was cracking but everyone thinks its an effect
There's a hurricane in Ireland I live in Ireland too ): my dad is away in the hurricane I hope he is okay
OJ  leaves the same day the most massive shooting in Modern America unfolds ... In the same state... Hmm
Wtf was this commie bs?
Saudi Girls  hot dance in public\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcbokJoGHcU
God is the one sending these to punish the fools of America, the gays the trans the murderers that havent received justice (death) the pedos and rapists, the drug lords and users the feminists, the women and child abusers the sorcerers and the global ruling council of satanists and other pagan  idolaters and the Muslims terrorists in fact hes holding back but soon hes gonna let loose.
This comment is a controversial opinion and will start a reply war.
Those who talk bad about Islam from behind a fack pro-pic and an alias, if you really that brave use your really info and post your address as well, so we can have a... real progressive conversation about it...
Idk why I like this video so much lmao
the religion of peace is just playing irl minesweeper
The world is so soft this ain't the McDonald's ball pit.
Where does MIKE CRONK the retired teacher (retired after 14 years (36-37 when retired now 45) teaching/coaching basketball) in Gateway School District get his income? Does Gateway ALASKA pay that well to retire after 14 years working? Where does income come from. If anyone out there is from Fairbanks let us know what Mike does for a living these days. Seems like a nice guy.
Stop the sale of auto semi auto weapons. Close down shops n exhibitions selling these. Drive these bastards who want to buy such things underground so we can call them CRIMINALS
California has the best damn enforcement model. they grow 80+ percent north America's fruits......
Who the fuck is Hilary Clinton?
Cause my stupid neighbor figured out my password. It's password:/
What the fuck is this and how is it #32 on trending? Never trusting trending page again.
This is not the deadliest mass shooting in history! Wounded Knee over three hundred men woman and children were gunned down by our government!  Soldiers received the medal of honor for killing over two hundred woman and children!
When are we going to call him what he is? A WHITE DOMESTIC TERRORIST!  stop trying to sugar coat this shit!
Made in China... I'm not walking on that bridge LOL!
Does it get any worse ....
Mexico and the people there need your help all illegals should bring all of their possessions and money  and go help your country.\nMexico needs you not America
Thank you for the unadulterated footage, I wasn't able to see it until now. What a great time in human history to be alive
Ryan isn't aging well.
Tough to invest heavily in a stretch of water that is known for devastating hurricanes.
big mistake Saudi........they will become whores and feminist sluts now
and i was wondering why the delay
Should have punched the bitch in the face
Majik Majik Ninjas
Kneeling is just disrespectful to our Men and Women serving the U.S. \n\nThe NFL has now gone full blown SJW.
a step backwards for london
14:14 The day you went to Publix was the most important day of your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
This is not fun and it is simply wrong to scare people like this.
fake news
Funny how they essentially admitted to not publishing stories about him to protect him.
GWENS ALIVE.!.!?,!,
NO GUN BAN. Unless you are Liberals Muslims Mexicans or non believers. Bless us oh Mighty and Glorious leader Trump our savior . Amen
This was a pure act of evil...
matt gutman wants to sleep with cronk. its all bullshit and its bad for you.
Boycott CNN
Unbelievable that these slag whores are even relevant. It's viewers are pathetic cretinous no ones.
My prayers will be with them. God bless.
Ashley Judd  protested trump and said nothing about this guy?!?!\nThe Hollywood left is such a bunch of hypocrites
CNN is fucking dogshit. Whoever maintains this channel, you should be ashamed of yourself. You are scum. Fuck you.
Mark should have played himself,He's barely aged a day
Perverted Pedophile! ....Gone! ...
cuz the wall they dont want to pay
Wtf is with this guy?  He acts very odd.  And yes, I know he just lost his brother, but it's something else too.
HUGH HEFFNER HELD CIA  ,DEMON ,WORSHIPPERS AND A SATANIC PROMIS , AND SACRIFICE , OMG SACRIFICE TO THE DEVIL
EU LUL
0:01 The map is wrong, that's not Mexico City.
Im glad, he survived of being assassinated on shooting.
The tension between The DR and Haiti is not about race but about nationality and culture. The DR has people of all different colors, heck you can see that in the border only the uniform lets you see the Dominicans, it is NOT a war for race, it is more like the American-Mexican conflict just that it has escalated a lot more.
I WANNA SHOOT HER CLUB UP (IN MY CHARLEMAGNE VOICE) \nIf one person listens to my music that would mean the world to me. \nYoung M.A Official Audio On My Page.
the $127K is for her lawyers fee...she probably would end up needing more to pay for her lawyers
Wow the refugee crisis must be hitting gibraltar hard \n\n\n\n\nSorry
Seems like another rock solid example of CNN journalism.
I looooove him. Thank you dude!
Amen!
By the way, these Vox clips are clever. But this ain't deconstruction, this is simply analysis. Deconstruction critiques to subvert a concept, to uncover the inherent contradictions. You are critiquing to elucidate. This is analysis, but I guess that wouldn't be cool sounding as a pass school of philosophy. You are breaking down hip hop into being boring poetry. And even if this rhythmic tool has been around for a long time, Snoop is annoyed that everyone seems to be using it all at once. They probably have a sample in the studio to copy fer chrissakes.
I am literally crying!!! Why are there people like this!!! This brakes my heart...Im praying for you!!
Heya Folks! This is Brilliant! I got      Here  > #likefreecardsgetitnow
To all those people who believe that this is a man-made disaster, what would be the point of causing these fires?
He's just another Liberal pedophile, which CNN endorses.
My comment would be,  you can't fix stupidity, especially when poor people are offered a million to be stupid
When the teacher wakes you up
#911truth. #neverforget
No their said that black people are like Oreos
Deadliest mass shooting in US history was wounded knee 300 innocents murdered there.

Watch it say next year, car crashes up 50%
That is what will happen to you when you trust a con man president The campaign is for himself nobody else
They should've been sus anyway\nTorry conferences are almost entirely older people
What kind of office does the OpenOffice development team use?
This has got to fucking stop. Please white people raise your childrens better .
yes
This Feeble excuse for a national leader could not make a strong decision if HER life depended on it never mind the lives of millions of British working people,SO wet and limp just like a french lettuce,   WE need a leader like CHURCHILL!!!!!!
I don't like dogs either, but that's no reason to make a federal case about it.
FAKE!

Uhh... Common sense on fox... This is a helluva dream
I utterly love this lady. Wow. Just wow.\nSend all libs to Detroit.
my boy said whatchu  got for me World!!!
Remember, no russian.
The attack on vegas was staged it so they can ban our guns i aint giving them mine and if they do try it thats were the 2 amendment comes in, the people need to have power to protect themselves from antifa,blm,fucking democrats and muzzies.
Pray for the tacos guys
Paul Ryan is in it for himself. Many people saw this. Unfortunately it takes this for the majority of people to finally see this. Vote him out
No worries, only liberal loving Brits hurt, you know the ones that love the terrorists to death and want more in. Just do the usual candle vigils, holding signs of peace, toleranance, and hug it out like usual and move on already. We're just waiting for the next one to happen as usual. Like having a bad cold and wondering why it isn't being cured because you keep taking in antibiotics.
We are in the last days! People better wake up! Read your Bible! The book of Revelation is fulfilling prophetic.! Jesus is coming!
Real
Wow
Why white peoples are so terrorist mindsetup some time drooping bomb innocent peoples and kids and sometime shoot their own peoples.
Is it racist to all three of them???
it doesn't go well for mother...the interviewer literally gave the ending away. Like how stupid was she when she said that?!?!?
I'm sorry but that's what happens when you don't follow the traffic rules on a bike. I'm surprised this doesn't happen more often.
             
Well at least they have a good reason. lol stupid women
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the Earthquake in Mexico.  I am very sad to hear about this tragic situation  I travelled to Mexico and I enjoyed the beautiful places and loved the people there.  If you are looking for a little calm relief stop by my channel.  Find my tweets at BecomeTheBreath.  Peace Love Light Happiness Dreams /|\ Namaste
*_Never make a statement to the police, even if you are really innocent of any wrongdoing! She better lawyer-up!_*
happy anniversary
How the hell are they gonna get theirs back?
D-rose D-rose D-rose D-rose D-rose D-rose D-rose Lil Pump
Yep that shit would freak my dangle berries out too!
Ex Muslim Atheists are worse than regular muslim pedos. Hail religion!
Liar !!!!! It was not him shooting ! That is a false flag ! There were several shooters ! Don' t buy their bullshit people ! There is a lot of shit going on and the news are lying most of the time !!!!!!!!!!!
i'd like to pay my respects to HEF (frrrrgghhhhjj <---- that is some major cheese being cut right there)
no he did not act alone,,, he waS a FreeMaSon So other pedophileS in the jewiSh Mafia froM iSrael helped hiM:.
Praying for anyone in Florida 
George Clooney is a hypocrite.  Go Steve.
Amen, Thank you sir.
This Feeble excuse for a national leader could not make a strong decision if HER life depended on it never mind the lives of millions of British working people,SO wet and limp just like a french lettuce,   WE need a leader like CHURCHILL!!!!!!
THANK YOU. I never understood why granite was so popular. Sure it's nice to look at, but seeing people say, 'it's a deal breaker' because the kitchen didn't have granite countertops? Meh.
On 4chan weeks before the shooting an anonymous person warned against a big attack in Las Vegas. This man is a patsy. No motive because he wasn't motivated. He somehow carried 20 guns into a hotel room by himself. Many say there were two shooters. He was probably a gun runner and got used as a patsy, killed before the shooting ever took place. Look it up.
watch some more here http://yobuilder.com/AoHH
Doesnt answer questions and only stands strong on the scripted facts.. this type of thing has become the new norm. prepare yourself, folks.
it has only 290 views and is climbing the trending list!!
thats not true beauty
Ohh islam...again
Kick that Snowflake bitch off the plane, dumbass Democrats
2468 whos your monkey ape
God is great
Murica...
I hope the dogs pay for this...
siivagunner comment takeover
He is not a president, he is a ignorant.
Just watch the trailer. Most movie studios these days just give a regurgitation of the plot and the films highlights in the trailers and if it does not interest you in 30 seconds, odds are its crap.
Deadliest Mass Shooting in US History....... that record won't last long... good ole 3rd world country america
Hopefully the people and animals turn out okay :(
He's doing it on purpose but some people are just to damn stupid to see that
snoops not wrong but i think its hilarious that hes the one to say that cuz i hate his flow so much
Omg... AMAZING. This song always brings tears to my eyes, but this performance made them flow out. You guys have beautiful voices and all sound fantastic. Waking up to this has made my day. Keep up the good work to both the teacher and student.
The European colonialist have treated people of colour - Black, Brown, Yellow, and Red VERY badly. They had left a horrible legacy of racial discrimination, land degradation, plunder and they have caused divisions where ever they colonised, that includes the British Empire too.
They keep it in the family, if you know what I mean.
There's the football player I remember!
It isnt frivolous or lustful thing, it is a serious dating site. More than 3 million members are waiting for you. Join us, go to elitekiss.com and to download the app. Start you fabulous dating life.
Lol these dudes stupid af.....why would the government care bout icp music or there march....
So what's next? Are they going to bow down and start worshipping during the national anthem?
Former first lady of a rapist.. Ffs look at that fake laugh.
Theres nothing wrong with allowing people to keep their own money. There is a problem when you believe income inequality is a bad thing and taking extra money to balance things out is riotous.
God she is such a horrid human.
How the hell is this on trending?? Congrats Inside Edition
Cricket fans are better catchers.
https://www.facebook.com/CRTV/videos/1577269882340492/
sue them
My family live near there so I thought they got hit but they didn't feel anything. My prayers out to the people that had to feel this terrible quake
I'm in Florida .... oh well if the juice gets loose here prey for me..
SUDANESE INVADER assaults and murders white Christian Americans. BUILD THE WALL. END ALL IMMIGRATION. DEPORT ALL NON-NATIVE BORN PEOPLE.
And of course no mention of how deeply he is a funding member of the Democratic Party.  He gave parties and was adored by Democrats.  His crimes are despicable, but mention of his political persuasion that was apparently overlooked by liberals.  Sick!   I guess its only bad if you are not a Democrat. \n\nHow biased can you be.  Even Michelle Obama praised him to the fullest.
Wow that's not weird right a blank video making trending .....CNN no less
no more use my code for free 15 uber ride from youtubers lmao
I like this.. You speak like Rod Sterling and that's impressive as hell.
I'm from a war background n trust me that was sounding like 2 people shooting at the crowd, I really thought that the police was firing back at him and I was shocked to find out that it was just one man shooting no way
Pardon my ignorance, but what is P45?
4:43 min low key brag on how rotten tomatoes listens to your critic. Congrats... and wtf
Like if Goldman is not a criminal
They shouldnt be playing the national anthem before every game, that should be only played in special occasions that are important for the nation, on official government or military ceremonies, nothing undermines a song more that listening to it over and over and over every fucking half hour. Btw fuck trump!
is it because of the explosion?
Love you all even god is the best this is for hurricane,shooting,\nKilling I hope you all come back to life 
Dude .... do the Twilight Zone intro for me ... \nYou have the perfect voice and speech patterns to do it . \nIf I were you , I'd do a parody of it as an intro to all my videos .
I just clicked cause of John Oliver
These soldiers will burn in hell for eternity for murder
I don't have a microscope, do you think I'll have a chance if I film myself dancing in a sperm costume?
how'd they go from 2 dead to 59?
I genuinely don't believe Puerto Rico will recover and Trump will simply abandoned it once the news outlets stop their coverage. Sadly the island has been devastated and it's over. Argue, debate and think whatever you want but in the end it's only a matter of time for The United States of America to find itself in the same situation, keep growing that debt all you want since the day will come when you can no longer pay your creditors the money you owe them.
Jake Gyllenhaal's evil older brother is ALSO not an acceptable alternative for the Oval Office
Hurricane Waldo.  It's there but we can't find it.
religions ppl saying its God, well then suicide....lol just like ppl in 2012 hahaha....xD....if God did it then u need to read a fucking science book...and stop reading that shitty book name Holy shit bible.....everyday or atleast every couple of weeks an months we get big nature disasters....it dosent mean god did it.....fucking religious ppl....
Miss me with that bullshit bro... you didn't give a fuck when people were dissing obama for 8 years (including yourself bro).... being critical of elected officials is what we do in America... it's what we are founded on.. recognizing flaws and dealing with them... this has nothing to do with the flag btw... our government was undermined when we allowed a republican base of  ill informed people to nominate and elect a reality tv show start to the highest position in the land.... what's next?? Should Democrats elect Oprah???lol
Sold down the river.people of great britian you are and always will be slaves to the eu.
Bullshit Jane!
Lol, reminds me of Walter from Drake and Josh
@TheEllenShow needs to see this! and invite these very talented singers! <3
So many thats a tiny amount. Compared to how many. Could have been slaughtered
I hope all the Peaples survive from the horricane
2017 was messed up
He strives to re-establish the Godly leadership of the U.S. in the world coming together\nfor Peace & Prosperity.
10 miles from London. 3mbps. Download speed. Get wrecked.
stupid motorsports made in US
I love this 
Im pretty sure that P45 was intended was that stuck up good for nothing Boris Johnson dumbass 
Did someone say Subnatica 4?
BBC are race-baiting pedophile enablers
i will inherit civil war before i die
Overrated should do a video on White Paintings!\n\nahem - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aGRHOpMRUg
Feminist trying to argue, men are stupid!
There are still good people around who heartedly care about others' well-being 
All of you taking this out of context, fueling your immature behavior towards our president, get a life. This audience is an awful display of disrespect, its tacky and embarrassing. Meghan brings up the obvious point of tactless behavior from this congressman and the views audience. \nIts sad how you all are jumping on the bandwagon, while our president chose to spend the time calling the soldiers next of kin. It is true that the soldier was where he wanted to be. President Trump told his wife this to comfort her. Watch Kellys press conference, and gets some facts before slandering those better than you. And that congressman... her lack of class is dumbfounding. God bless America and our troops.
Wow, I often wondered how these two completely different countries shared this small island but had no idea of the racism that existed.  It's really disappointing, really saddened me that people are treated this way.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=xmYbniEEb-M
Hansen STFU you racist white, most likely descendant from rich slave owners.  I'm a immigrant too.  You don't see me protesting at my work, do you?  It's like me doing Dicks out for Harambre. at your funeral.  It's not disrespecting the funeral.  Uh, right?  RIGHT?
This attack in Law Vegas was caused by someone using scopolamine on the attacker. Scopolamine is a powerful drug that once inhaled or ingested, removes free will from the victim; rendering them susceptible to suggestion. Someone blew the drug in his face, and told him to fire on those people. There is even a testimony from an eye witness that said two Spanish people made threats to the people at the venue 45 minutes prior to the shooting. I don't know if this drug was ever used in the previous shooting, but I do know that only law abiding citizens follow laws. There's a lot of talk about gun control or tougher regulations, but I think the only way to curb gun violence is to make gun ownership mandatory. You carry your identification around with you, why not a tiny pistol for your own defense? Robbery, rape, murder, and harassment would all go down if criminals even had the notion that 90% of citizens they preyed upon were armed. If you're a feminist, you definitely should support gun ownership. Men give us a lot more respect when they see a holster hanging from our bra line beneath our blouse. They stare at our tits anyway. Might as well give them a warning that we are armed and willing to defend ourselves.
Lol. This trainwreck is funny to follow. Well done UK. Cant wait for the UK government folding to every EU demand and get less than they have now. 2021 eh and by then a new referendum. 20 Billion ? UK have to triple that just to get their transitional period.
Excellent!!!!
Dominican Republic should be put on a trade embargo until these policies are reverted
     
ay yall i was working on the strip right across the street during this shit was WILD
And another thing we will not honor the flag it was not for black people because it's the same as the Confederate flag. It's just a raggedy piece of material. White people tell us all the time we're not American. So don't expect us to honor the flag with the racist song that go with it
O n | m y | c h a n n e l | *K N I F E | F R E E !* \n(CSGO/DOTA/H1Z1)
Think the fat one blames being fatcon genetics ?
Where was Crystal Griner? Did she stay away because of her hatred for Scalise who is against same sex marriage?
life well lived
Worst earthquake, ever
I've met some juggalos and had some decent conversations with them I reckon , but I can tell you that not one of them mother fuckers ain't crazy as shit as a matter of fact a juggalo I know beat a dude to death with a hammer
It's part of the game you have to be paying attention or thats what happens the dad or someone should be paying attention to get in front of the ball
Know Muslims, No Peace.\nNo Muslims, Know Peace.
It's ironic because most Americans would perceive most Dominicans as looking black .
Hes not a prime minister hes An Taoiseach
They never say anything about an African American being a lone wolf, just another ridiculous example of how certain people get the benefit of the doubt...............
2 of my favs + High res video = 
That guy sounds like hes from battlefield 1
Omg... AMAZING. This song always brings tears to my eyes, but this performance made them flow out. You guys have beautiful voices and all sound fantastic. Waking up to this has made my day. Keep up the good work to both the teacher and student.
Mayro? Don't you have any Roof Preaders?
22-05-13 Lee Rigby Killing in London\n22-03-16 Brussel, France Attacks\n22-07-16 Munich Attack\n22-03-17 London,Uk Attack\n22-05-17 Manchester Attack \n22year old suicide bomber,22 people killed,Took place on 22nd May? \n\n15th/ 09/17 Parson Green Underground London Bombing 22 Injured again! Number 22!\n\nIs this just a coincedence??? Or we to blind to see?? Few days after Donald Trump travels to saudi for a $110 billion arms deal just few days before and on the same day of the Manchester attack he is in Israel the Land of the Zionists? \n\nThe date of these attacks are so blatent! If this such a real planned attack im sure the Anti-Terrorists officer,FBI,CIA  etc would have been well prepepared for these attacks heck they are more intellegent than us! instead they are Post-Terrorist officers after attacks are done only then they will do real police work to keep the mankind safe.\n\nCan you not see the Pattern the only question remains now is \n22-10-17??\n\nPlease forward to make people aware of this.
He has done his time.Now repent and get saved.God is near.
Lots of prayer and love to mexico.
A pandemic of hate and disrespect...  yes... it cOULd have attributed  to this nutjobs malfunction... but your a bit fracking LATE PAT.. Go to hell.
True cost of cheap price. Corporations that cut corners and do not abide by the law should be and must be punished.
Flakes a Flake
PickPocket 100
I'm a simple man. You make a song pointing out the evils of US foreign policy and I listen. So naturally 99% of what I listen to is metal.
only thing that would have made this better...if the video finished focused on her seat as one of the dogs jumped on it, all happy and wagging it's tail, watching her being escorted off the plane
THIS IS NOT THE DEADLIEST MASS SHOOTING IN US HISTORY ! it is wounded knee . us army  kill 240 native men and women children in 1890 LOOK IT UP
Harvey Swinestein!
FIRST MOFO FIRST MOFO FIRST!!
Are they really sure that his girlfriend really was out of the country during the shooting?
the 50s kitchen is still my dream kitchen
Please dump Meghan McCain.  She is horrible.
So sweet
good tax dodging uber
Damn YouTube, you've even got Democrats calling bullshit on your trending page. Get a grip.
Ok Earth we get it bitch
R.i.p To all lives lost,
Ban baseball!!
the trolls are certainly\nout on these Las Vegas videos. Ah humanity at its worst and best all in one video.
Isn't this Megyn Kelly that person who claim that Jesus Christ was white and should only be showed as white? Isn't she the one who makes all types of excuses for police shooting of unharmed black people and claims that it has nothing to do with race.
Hahaha everyone talk about Muslims  lool
What kind of idiot gets closer to the still flaming bomb, for a better look.
I find it amusing that some crazy people think it makes more sense that its a big conspiracy rather than the simple fact a crazy dude fired into a crowd with a gun.  So let me get this straight... its always a conspiracy when an incident like this happens?  If it isnt a planned conspiracy then nobody would EVER SHOOT PEOPLE FOR ANY OTHER REASON?  Yeahhhhh, sure, ok.
I'm here just to see the tears of Trump's supporters plenty of them 
*Emma Stone looked like she wanted to laugh at the dig but still had to be careful for her career...* What a vile industry!
Who cares if they're safe? Just say no to nets!
All Muslims are peaceful, if we lay down our weapons the terrorist will give in
bad people who have commited crimes belonjg in jail - something you'd expect a child to say coming from a 70 something year old man
Well I am a bucket of Freaking tears, absolutely amazing...#riseupeveryone
- Trump bashing Emmy award had an all-time lowest rating.\n- Trump bashing MTV VMA award had an all-time lowest rating.\n- Trump bashing Hollywood just had the worst box office weekend in 16 years.\n- Trump bashing ESPN losing roughly 10,000 cable and satellite subscribers every single day.\n\nWho would've thought that mocking Trump and his supporters 24/7 would backfire? Great job liberals! :)
Maria is actually my middle name
Why do they always have to make excuses for Trump? If he can't do the damn job, then why in the hell is he there?  I wouldn't get myself dragged into Trump's mess if I was Kelly. Trump made his bed, let the bastard lay in it.
I love how james is talking like tommy the entire time lol
Uh-Ophelia
Life is like a hurricane
Just awful.
i was there any questions just let me know...
And people are holding candles. how stupid. Candles and prayer will save the world... yeah..
Dont worry guys only 15-25% of muslims are radical. Which is around 300 million people.
CBS killed him so they wouldn't have to retract the story.
Black people gotta chill. I didn't see nothing wrong with the ad. 
Jane Fonda got more class, brains and beauty today and always, than that intervier Megyn Kelly has.\nThe way Jane Fonda handled that interview was amazing considering it was a full on nasty cut-throat remark by Megyn Kelly.\nI'm with Jane Fonda all the way, and Robert Redford. Just amazing talented people.
I think Jane looks great, nothing to be ashamed of. What's her surgeons name, lots of woman have had surgery and look it, jane looks pretty natural.
Pat, wait until your judgement. You're the first one going to hell
Good job officers
Still doing your research off 4chan buzzfeed? Oh wait this is CNN
Its just 16 , gtf over it smh
God forbid but imagine if he had a Gernade launcher or other explosives
Wow the refugee crisis must be hitting gibraltar hard \n\n\n\n\nSorry
I bet most people are glad this fucker finally died.
I'm surprised that it made it that far since it moved over much cooler waters which will weaken the storm as it does when the eye moves over land.
Why people are surprise ? Like its normal , the western propaganda is brainwashing everyone , they have bad laws but , they have poor people off course every country of the world have some poor people , they have many , but this is the capital , now people are surprise? xd But off course this people are living in a lie and fear
doesnt shelter in hotels seem like the wrong idea?
Boris as Prime Minister would wipe the floor with that scruffy socialist who goes by the name of Corbyn...
Good luck from South Carolina
But...\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDoitlooklikeiwasleftoffbadnboujee?
Lol chill out you crybabies. Theres nothing here, its all in your head. Throw the race card down on things that actually are racist. Otherwise it will be like the boy who cried wolf.
Trump's slogan wasn't MAGA.  It was MAGGOT.
M U L T I P L E B O I
Fucking magnets.\nHow do they work?
ALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR\nALAHU AKBAR
selena just had a kidney transplant. It was a life death matter. Selena deals with difficulties every day because of her disease. She doesn't care about her looks, she speaks her truth.  And she is so fragile and beautiful!!!!!!!!!
i hate to say this but this shooting reminds me of that mission in mw2 No Russian. in game and real life shooters used lmgs and killed several people. its scary to see how similar it is
They dragged another Liberal out from her grave.......You are a disgusting species JF.
In Europe, is the law fulfilled?\nThe autonomous police of Catalonia, the mossos of squadra to the orders of the Greater Trapero, informed to the judicial powers that at 6 a.m. of October 1, would close the illegal polling stations, it is clear that they have acted as political police, so to comply with the injunction as an unconstitutional referendum, there is no choice but to resort to the Civil Guard and National Police , but given the hours that had passed by the inaction of the squadra mossos and the iligales polling stations already had been mounted there is no other solution than to act to enforce the law. At the gates of the schools they put as human shields the elders and children. In days prior to October 1, independents asked their members and supporters to make lists with people who were not going to vote ... AGAINST VICTIMISM INDEPENDENTIST, INFORMATION !!!!!.\nSomeone thinks of the millions of Catalans who do not want independence and their names are being pointed out.
Go back to syria troublemakers
This is what you get for going on xbox live while using kinect mics with your mom screaming and dog barking
Thank goodness she's taking time out to seek psychiatric assistance. Best wishes to her.
At least they are fighting for something. They are fighting for thier culture to exist as it is and not be labeled by nay sayers. They are fighting for everyone else to live how they want. PEACEFULLY!
I don't understand the hate about its design. I think it's beautiful.
This guy should make a YouTube channel.
The whole fucking country is divided!!! Get ready for another Civil war!!!
45 is a BITCH.. You see me..
9:03 Dude there are a lot of rappers with that style in Argentina, why dont you point it in the map?
I like how they're only covering Florida but not the Carribean that got fucked by the strongest hurricane to be ever formed in the Atlantic at its strongest point (190 MPH Winds and 225 MPH Gusts) that even caused places like Barbuda to be Inhabitable (meaning you're not allowed to live there anymore) which the entirety of that island got 95-100% destroyed. And the dozens that also died throughout there. They didn't even cover Puerto Rico, which the US owns. Like shit...
poor guy, all these cameras making him confused.
Literally made me cry. So amazing. Heartfelt and genuine. So amazing.
He was a CIA and his girl has 2 passports, and 2 birth certificate, and 2 husbands.
Seriously why is the media tossing him softballs like this and how he is still focused on this?
lol the happy music playing in the background as she gets taken off the plane

Anti-Trumper
Trum you have to do somthing
This is a lie. They have a clip of the President telling a story of Luther Strange before he ever met him. Before he ever met him, he didn't know him. If you listen to the whole story, he speaks of how he has gotten to know Luther since he's been in office. Thank you.
Keep doin you dove
Narrator voice is so annoying, couldn't get through it all.
Blame the EU Rats...............European Union Communism...............
LOL.. the fail is strong with this narcissistic blonde twit.
Holy f**, i would have daily anxiety attacks in an open office lool
Oj free bih
So, this is like a pepe? A hate symbol that has been parodied over and over.
I feel bad for nipples
That voice crack....
Kylie wasn't there cause she's pregnant 
What he is saying: Those 16 people don't matter as much as those thousands.
FREE CATALONIA!! From around the world Cambodia 
Finally some reason with this transition period but apart that......dreams and no substance.\nCliff Edge exit from EU so far looks like light Out for UK
my prayers go out to all of u and I hope we come to the bottom of this.......two massive shootings this close is no joke........there trying to turn us against each other and take our guns while distracting us from our family in pr...........the C.I.A. can not in any way be affected by Trump.....as stupid as he is trumps all we have......we have to fight these unholy people who obviously do not yield to the constitution which we live by.  they killed countless family in pearl harbor .....coulda stopped it and still entered the war and 911 we lost countless  could have stopped it and still defended ourselves   so I say do we have nobody with any power that's good someone stop this evil.     please pray for not just our country but all followers of the king of kings who will overcome.
First they came for the Juggalos, and everyone who was not a Juggalo was like, Meh, whatever. No great loss.
White devil go back to Europe
See people if you just would have prayed harder at the last mass shooting, we wouldn't be dealing with this now.
Good job Meghan, bringing the truth out!
Casino flooding 
Atleast it wasn't North America.
https://youtu.be/tGcNntyDiKo
The whole show was a cringe fest.
She is not only wiser now, she is attractive as well.
Stop the BS Se, Jeff Flake.  Health care is a right.  Single payer health care. End of story.
Illuminati
That guys head is brighter than my future...
Just when you thought 2017 was going to be a improvement over the wreck that was 2016.
These are the kind of idiits killing america. Ignorant filthy god cult psychos. Shut up !!
*Cringy af*
I. GREW UP WITH YOU DEVASTATED.  THE MUSIC HAS DIED BUT WE WILL KEEP IT ALIVE.
You're at a fucking baseball game, you are aware that there are foul balls and broken bats. I realize this was a toddler and there was almost nothing that could be done about this, but most of these situations are caused by ignorant people on their phones and shit, most of which don't care about the game. If you're in that kind of area, be smart, watch out, and basically just don't be an ignorant piece of shit
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K2XfdCjXfk
Amazing speech!
Dale Hansen for President.
Fire all NFL athletes who take the knee
Signs of the last Day: an increase in Natural Catastrophes.
Very fishy, all of it.
It is fascinating that  snowflake cant say the B-word.   Here is a picture of Brooke Baldwin. https://www.google.com/search?q=Brooke+Baldwin+CNN+pictures&tbm=isch&imgil=UIF302o3kw_faM%253A%253BjCvjyh1EiBT7sM%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Ffanpix.famousfix.com%25252Fgallery%25252Fbrooke-baldwin&source=iu&pf=m&fir=UIF302o3kw_faM%253A%252CjCvjyh1EiBT7sM%252C_&usg=__OAexuGA_Mn63N8Y1DScLcaPvdPA%3D&biw=1299&bih=735&dpr=1.25&ved=0ahUKEwi5pr76m6_WAhWEKGMKHT_6BiEQyjcIQw&ei=z_y_WfmCCITRjAO_9JuIAg#imgrc=UIF302o3kw_faM:\n\nseems to be a little Booby to me!
I find it hard to believe she would have anything to do w Him...eeeeewe
Catalonia is not a country. Students = useful idiots for the Left, easily brainwashed. To them, Catalonia is just another trendy non-threatening cause to jump on. Catalan separatism is anti-Spanish and communist in origin, Catalan region is long infested with marxists. Why does the Western media outside Spain always fail to mention these details, just because the leftists hide behind red and yellow flags?
J
galls fire wide rrtegald for gallsffirrgallss galsss _and hot fire of not gas trees thing __ bug in neccckkk wipe mouths look for vooodca dodn trippp__wlak <<back pskc for vodaccaa drinks <<<
Does anyone believe this?   It is so obviously a drill gone live.
Liberalism KILLS.\n\nFind a cure!
The Puerto Rican singers should put a concrtt and donate every dime for this island in dire need. They should stop asking poor working people who could barely make ends meet and they who are millionaires should help reconstruct at least the basic necessary things such as water and power its a breeding ground for deaths, disease. It no help arrives soon Im afraid their situation will get worse and more complicated
Child #9, please.
Why does this make it look so bad for rich people?? Not only the misinformation but the way they presented the middle class and rich people. Oh dan gets little money for buying this house BUT BIG OL RICH GUY IN THE SUIT GETS LOTS OF MONEYS WHEN HE BUYS A YATCH! Sowwy about that dan
That's Keep your mouth shut money!
Shits just been getting worse
weather girl = idiot
oof
End times bible prophecy
what if it really cracks?
biggest troll 2017
How does this stuff happen?
Open Borders and Empathy for Terrorist does Not keep them from Killing You. #DrainTheSwamp
Couldn't hardly listen to go rest high on that mountain. Played that at my grandfather and great grandmothers funerals. God bless the victims of this terrible act of evil, and god bless this great nation and assist us in condemnation of acts of terror such as what we experienced.
if you're still wondering how trump won after watching this, there is no help for you.....
What is the song at 2:40
Anyone know the name of the song that starts at around 3:58?
What a time to be alive.
Never thought people would argue over who's city got destroyed the most.
finally Khloe gets to meet her dad
  
Lee Nelson
I have a better idea - let's make murders illegal... this will stop em all! Ohh, wait....

Who cares?  Will the world stop turning if the Kardashians and Meghan Kelly suddenly stop polluting  every media outlet?  Nope.
Masking up the sushi for thousands of dollars .... those could have been illegal purchases of something else
Apparently she's got an appointment next week to have a backbone inserted probably done on the nhs
Mother nature is trying to get rid of humans
for online surveys and easy payoffs join https://in.ipanelonline.com/register?inviter_id=3270754\nREPLY
real sad to hear about this, prayers go out to all the Mexican people affected by this
Aaaaaawww man! I wants to go deep insiiiiiidddee!
All religion is stupid but Islam is the most toxic one out there
The one in the pink can be my sperm donor.
I genuinely think she isn't involved.
Get her tf out of LA lmao. We dont want her ass here
Look at how annoying her face is the entire, what a unreal bitch
CYCLIST FAULT PERIOD!
This the first comment section I find that isn't full of republicans celebrating CA burning
400 pounds up 30 floors, disables security, and fire alarms, removes 800 pounds of hurricane proof windows, reigns fire for 5-10 minutes, WITH NO MOTIVE, yup government did this
R.I.B. (Rest in Breasts) Hugh...
We've spent too much time talking about Jeremy Corbyn ['s past] *proceeds to talk about Jeremy Corbyn further.
All of my YTN (YouTube Notifications extension) change to this video
Who cares it's Mexico
i missed the dick riding trump awards agian!  I wonder who got the best cuck award?
Hello and welcome
Tenerissimi!!!!!!!!!!
hello there, fellow redditors
Why won't this pig go away?
Boycottin ESPN!
Whats samsung master plan now? \n\n\n\nA spaceship?
blue tie Trump
Ian. Are you mad? She's a complete failure a true Remainer who's just sold us down the river without a paddle! The whole cabinet should be sacked if it were possible. We voted out as quickly as possible but now she committed us until 2021. If the cabinet/Tory's were a private company board members they'd be soon out of the door going against the Company ethos and Shareholders. I have lost all faith in the Tory's. We need a new Party to lead UK to freedom.
Jane Fonda is still alive? Well how about that.
Worst parts over- the fucking porsche is wasted. Damn!
How did they not start fucking?
Is going on tour as the victim comedian what the heck is this witchgina saying what a has been. Hahahaha it's funny because it's true yes
A truly great artist. He will be sadly missed but he left a fine musical legacy that will stand the test of time. Thanks Tom Petty.
I'm glad to see this, because I'm going to the Santa Monica market this Wednesday.
Rap swept the nation because millions of white kids bought rap albums. You know, the ones that are now 40 years old and called racist trump voters. Makes you think huh?
Every like=20 days of good luck\nEvery sub=100 YEARS of good luck \nEvery reply=10 days of good luck\nIgnore=BAD LUCK FOREVER!!!
Very distinctive explanation ..Thank you all .. thanks again Alan !
I live in Ireland and shocked that in America you go into store and pick up a gun like its new clothes.. a gun shop that's madness ! That's just asking for trouble
Jajajjaja
Great expose
Bunch of disrespectful little twats
How did they make this effect though
Do you get permission from Apple to film or do you do it for fun? Cool video though. Also, where did you get the music from?  I might want to use it in one of my vlogs if possible.
How dare you VOX their not overrated their beautiful creatures and if you're just racist and jealous.
Its not as bad as media try to make it look like, try to find unbiased videos on internet and u will know it...
My penis came from Venus and is headed to Uranus
Just when you thought 2017 was going to be a improvement over the wreck that was 2016.
Fresh off the boat anyone ?
Isn't that railing a bit low...........................
who would win in a fight Irma or 9/11 lmao
What happens in vegas stays in vegas
Hilarious and original!! Love it.
Yay
The church terrorist shooter was a muslim DACA recipient
You can hear Brexit in the background
Andrew Hussie predicated the future
Omygoodness
Wow crazy it's on the 32 year anniversary! Hurricane Irma was the same anniversary as Hurricane Donna as well with the same path.
It is really beautiful, a pity the population can not enjoy it. All this wonder is only for politicians, family of politicians and the military. Everything you see in the country is controlled so that you think it's a good place, you even have a mandatory 24 hour guide.
Fear-mongering and it's part of living in a big city. Can you guest the idiots whom said this?\nHint: Ones a over used tea bag
LMFAO -\nHE MOVES HIS POPCORN AWAY FROM HER (in disgust) & THEN ONLY GIVES HER ONE. Nice manners royals..
Fond, your tuning downWeinstein's evil by paintingall menwith the same wicked brush. If'Hanoi Jane' knowsthis evil ishappening to other youngwomen and men and childrenin Hollywood, she should get offher bony ass andexpose them. She won't because she's a product of this corrupt liberal system!
Fuck punching, stab and shoot Nazi scum!
Open office is distraction less productive not in my own world not in the zone.
All I see is cardboard houses...
This is a very unfair anti-Dominican Propaganda job here.  You know Pappa Doc Diavier,sold Haitian labor to the DR and much throughout there collective  history, the DR have true concerns.
.           .
The Heresy and blasphemy that spits outta this man's mouth my goodness....sickening
God the damage one guy with a window breaker tool could do
Stupid news azzes...leave that woman alone...get a thorough research before you jumped and broadcast it...idiotas.
Can this poor guy just be left alone he's gone through so much and all these interviews and all these people just adding  even more stress on him and he won't be able to take this much longer before he goes into depression.
Pra mim t com cara de formigueiro, calmo e pacfico. Porm meche l pra ver se no sai nego de tdo q eh lado kk
00
Funny people preach gun control.....Literally, you can not buy and own the guns this guy has. He is an old man, so odds are he bought full auto before the laws were changed where civilians can't buy and own full automatic guns. You are begging for laws that already invoked hard. No one can easily get those guns, you can't get full auto without 1 years worth of work filling out permits and only if you own a gun shop and other limitations. Civilians can only buy Semi-automatic weapons.
MITCHELL BAY TALKS MEETING LIL B & COLLAB WITH $UICIDEBOY$\nhttps://youtu.be/Bt9e08jMSmA
I'm calling it now.\n\n\n\n\n\nThis is going to be trending, and I was here before the masses
The guy kite surfing during hurricane Irma had me dead lmfao
Get the $$$$ out www.smgpureleather.com code:SMGNYC $20.00 OFF
Take a look at the dislikes and then think about why you're not President.
I think he needs to stop talking to the press.
I would love to groom that girl
Fucking typical perverted JEW
The look on white peoples faces when OJ was acquitted... priceless.
God created the heavens and earth for Islam - to see who will believe , do good deeds and earn his mercy to get paradise and eternal life . If you are completely ignorant of Islam , that might save you from the hellfire although he still expects kindness from all,  whenever possible.
Criminals are gonna find a way to get a hold of anything.
Ughhh people just need to grow up
Mandela effect they used to both be looking forward
I was watching this interview and I just watched this clip again and FOX News did not blame anyone for anything. The person being interviewed was making a point about the press demonizing the right and fire arms owners. The person also referred to CBS firing one of their VPs. How anyone could stretch this to a entire news network placed the blame on another news network is beyond me. Grow up and stop spreading mistruths and/or lies. The only person to blame for anything is the person who pulled the trigger of the weapon.
Yearly 30.000 Americans get killed by guns. More than in 44 European countries combined. The US also has the highest Infant mortality rate of all modern industry countries. America can be proud !!  
One logical person is in this video try spot them
CBS Los Angeles are cunts on my momma
Where is the parenting?! So embaressing. Not cute!! Rude af!!
What happened?  Trump happened!
Oh
Whoever says this is fake news this is real news people listen to yourselves this is realistic. And whoever thinks it's fake news still are stupid people. Goodness gracious I can never stand you people.
Kelly is great...who doesn't love watching a clown, just waiting for the fool to show up.
https://youtu.be/Eq5kFiWTTIM
Goodman! I been there
F you ABC & f the whole corrupt scum media ! You guys are liars! These ignorant selfish NFL scum are insulting the country that pays for their dreams. You push their horrible behavior and the race divide and all the hate. You, the media, are the reason this country is a mess. All you puppet reporters are pure scum.
GEO-STORM......man made weather warfare...........time to shout of to JESUS, HE THE ONLY THAT CAN SAVE YOU...........GOD IS IN CONTROL - but its being manipulated - haarp - chemtrails and geo-engineering
I'm sorry I thought this was in Los Angeles. how about you report on major things and then just mention this in other news.
Suprise!! It's this again.
karma is a bitch isnt
TOP KEK!
This is amazing.  \nAnd this man is fucking HERO.
Fuckit ban trigger fingers!
God bless and heal this country! Be with the families of the brave soldiers that died for all of us! Forgive those you hate their own countrymen and those that are void of love and sympathy! God Bless Americans and God bless the Families of the soldiers that gave their lives for All of Us!  Amen 
Rap swept the nation because millions of white kids bought rap albums. You know, the ones that are now 40 years old and called racist trump voters. Makes you think huh?
Wow The whole western hemisphere is being slapped hard from all these natural disasters
I used to respect the  BBC and thought their audience was well informed and smart but after seeing all this, specially the comments, I have come to the conviction they are just a bunch of imbeciles.
that's a real bs .it happened in the same day that the one that happened in 1985.
Irma wasn't that bad..
Bazingaaaahhhhhh!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj8n78AuN3w&ab_channel=h3h3Productions
Look at that propaganda the thumbnail alone. Wow haha sad.
In Texas we call that a shower
Holy shit. Looks like they dropped a Tac nuke on the place. :(
The media is always talking s*** he did not make any racist comments.
If you are going to show this video, then do so with ALL the correct information. This video is doing the rounds on numerous channels and they are all doing the same thing, just showing the video and getting viewers to make their own opinions on what they are seeing which are mostly negative against the parents of the child because of the inappropriate behaviour of taking someone else's popcorn without their consent.\n\nWhat this channel and many others who are showing the same video are deliberately doing in the hope of getting negative responses towards the parents, is not informing the viewers that the little girl and the parents are well known to the Prince, they are very good friends. The little girl is the daughter of a double amputee who has completed in previous Invictus Games. \n\nIf viewers knew in advance that the little girl and her parents are good friends of Prince Harry, it would then alter their opinions on what they are seeing, for the positive but in my opinion this does not sit with the narrative that this channel owner wants, hence the omission that they are all good friends and have known each other for some time.
Why does this show still exist?
He took his job!
MY GIRL CHARLI XCX was ON HERE! YES QUEEEENNNN!!!!
so its not a hurricane?
i missed the dick riding trump awards agian!  I wonder who got the best cuck award?
So butt hurt haha
they make the internet bad on purpose, because they can. I thought everybody already knew that
She's still upset about Hillary losing get over it. Another sick liberal.
Did they miss the shrine circus tryouts?
Good thing jacksepticeye moved
Wow. Something that Trump doesn't have to do with anything in this vid? Is VOX back to normal now?
I think it's amazing humans can take resources from the Earth and create something like this with them.
Hugh hefner died still an IMPERFECT MAN, seen as a pervert and just fully degraded woman..
Stupid
Mother was a fine and artsy movie. But as far as horror-haven't been so disappointed in a long time. I'm very bored of art movies pretending to be horror movies. I love them once in a while, but I really want a unique, disturbing movie not based on a book or a remake, good luck huh? LOL! I was hoping for a horror movie-I got a big movie about religious allegories. Yeah. It's a good movie for sure and I appreciate how different it was. However, when I go to a horror movies-I'd like to be scared and I'd like a movie that makes sense. I think I'll re-watch Black Swan and The Witch. Both awesome horror movies with art-house themes.
500 years ago in the netherlands, there was a fight against the spannish too, spain will always fail. Just as they failed at keeping america in their hands. Je maintiendrai!!!
Wow The whole western hemisphere is being slapped hard from all these natural disasters
Income inequality is not an issue except those plagued by jealousy. As long as you can live a good life why should you care what other people have?
I disagree. To Kill a Mockingbird was the first book in my 20s. I didn't read in high school and picked up the book while wondering an airport bookstore. Much to my surprise the imagery created in the book got me hooked to reading. I try to read everyday and I'd like to think TKAM had a lot to do with it. Kind of like if you try something for the first time and you like it, you're more likely to do it again. Great story, holds over time. I'll have to read it again to see if the meaning has changed for me.
That...was really depressing
just get rid of taxes
That a hell
Because Trump never said Hillary had NRA friends, right? Who's advocating for violence? Now CNN is to blame, not the crazy guy armed to the teeth with overpowered weapons.
Come on man, it was all just lock room talk.
That guy has got bare shakes 
Why does it have to be Mexico 
Don't stop fighting for your Right &  for your Freedom  Catalonia ! \n\nThis violence from Spanish  riot police shows the World  ,that Democracy in Spain is a figure of speech , ,not e real state of mind in action .\nSpanish Government is a dictatorship in disguise . Free Catalonia from Spanish Regime !\nGo Catalonia !  We Love you guys ! \n\nWith Love &  Hugs from Albania ...
Nice that she felt so sorry for all the people she was trampling over!
All this over a pet allergy? How hard is it to ask the attendant at the desk if the flight has pets aboard? You do have a choice as to remove yourself from the area. Same would be said for a peanut allergy.\nWow, how spoiled.
*I replaced the pink shirted girl with Daenerys.*
Uncle pennybags doesn't have a monocle.
Ya valieron verga :'v
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZXnfcc5PJM
Two very important things think about it the truth..BOOBS WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN
fck TFL and Fck Black cabs mafia, scums and while you at it fck sadiq khan another crook
Wow people. Everyone take a deep breath and calm down. This is not a gender or race issue. Her role in this has done nothing to getting to the TRUTH. So let's quit getting distracted so easily. Let's focus on not letting them take our guns away. They want us to get
And this affects me as a ghost trying to hit a bear with a tea spoon....Yeah absolutely nothing, why are these locos so mad??? LOL #MakeAmericaGayAgain #MakeAmericaHateAgain #MakeAmericaCovfefeAgain #MakeAmericaNambiaAgain
Cuba's president nice joke
We need to call Vault tec
this guy been washed up .. just look at him
 thanks for sharing. God Bless those victims in Las Vegas
\n
If only they both had a bare knuckle fight, really wish corbyn gave her some
My condolences to Mexico and it's people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1rIDmDWSms
Wait I think she's hot .. El.... Oh... El... WAIT NINO FIND NINO
Qualiteeeeeeeeeee\n-lee nelson
So family guy is the new Simpsons in more ways than one.
If you gave this video a thumbs down I pity you.
military repression. free catalan people. help catalonia
00:55 Ah give the door baggage dude 100 dollars. lol
what's ur dad like? i wanna meet that dad
Black people are so sensitive and think everything is about them LOL
i didnt know that dogs just run free on planes
This is just too cute. And judging bythe comments that tell us that Prince Harry knows the girl, you know he must make a greatuncle to her. And would make a good dad. Once he gets married and has kids. His niece and nephew must love him.....
That's good progress, but when can they walk down the street in a miniskirt or go to the beach in a bikini?\nWhen can they slut around without the death penalty?
Es muy linda la labor de estos animalitos gracias Frida!
Yes that is Hanoi Jane \nA real traitor.\nShe didn't call him out\nBecause she is no different.
fuck em
The beginning still video shows a king in the center of the frame with his hands resting on something as he's watching
Who cares?  Will the world stop turning if the Kardashians and Meghan Kelly suddenly stop polluting  every media outlet?  Nope.
*Who gets to question the FBI?*
One of the kent's boxes has the name of a CHINESE company called baili () on it! Hardly local! DISGRACEFUL...
SNOWFLAKES MALES RAPING SNOWFLAKES FEMALES. GOOD THAT WOMEN4TRUMP CARRY GUNS TO KEEP THESE BASTARDS AWAY. WE MUST PROTECT ALL WOMEN4TRUMP TOOTH AND NAIL FROM SNOWFLAKES RAPISTS
the more i read on this, the more angry i get. disgusting. just disgusting.
NFL= NO FANS LEAGUE
A normal black woman in my generation. .now it's a aberration to demonstrate common sense and attractive!
Pssst retards the reason this is trending is because you are watching it now.
Cheap trailers made of aluminum and ply wood held parked on bricks. Wtf do these people think will happen when they live in a hurricane state? I'm sorry but they are completely under built. The city should of changed massive codes in the 80s and stopped people from putting these shacks ups. \n\nI hope they realize a house in Florida should mean concrete walls and slab roof all reinforced with rebar and massive shutters on all windows and doors. \nJust like a cabin in Alaska is set up for major winters a house in a hurricane state should be set up for just that. A hurricane.
I care 0.00%.
you can fool some people some times but, you can full all the people all the time.
big water, ocean water
This is just garbage. Disliked the video for giving exposure to garbage.
Wow..
My dad's an uber driver and he's working so many hours 6 days a week because we need the money . We're already struggling but I'm just scared about how he's gonna cope now . He's been trying for Addison Lee but it's hard
There is only one question..\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWHAT DOES DONALD TRUMP THINK ABOUT THIS??!!,
God is angry
Hey phil, whats your home town im curious?
My god shes beatiful
The great mistake of the Aztec civilization was to allow European immigrants to their empire. They brought pest, murder, rape, ignorance, and worst of all: Christianity. They did not have a leader to make Teotihuacan great again! :v
Blame China if youu man ..nothing to do with muslims  ..
Those who talk bad about Islam from behind a fack pro-pic and an alias, if you really that brave use your really info and post your address as well, so we can have a... real progressive conversation about it...
https://youtu.be/wLe_DikqJn8\nMUST 
Ive been there before and its just tiring to climb up the stairs they were so tall
Aww the poor guy
V for Vendetta anyone?
Why is this on trending?

Justice Rains From Above!!!!!
Hey YouTube black people will not be silent. You will not shut us up. We are God's chosen people from negroland no such thing as a white Jesus. Black people don't support banana Republic they want to try to tell people black people what to do with their hair
A earthquake in the DNC too! That's like half of ur supporters!!! How are the democrats going to be able to get anywhere in politics without Hollywood
Harry is as common and asordinary as any man ever is, or ever was. Sad that people are so ignorant that they allow some to be placed on a pedestal, Henry wipes his butt justlike the rest of us
So sweet
put him in super jail next time.
Senile piece of shit
can you imagine that all he has now is the memories from the life he had lived here on earth while he endures eternal suffering
TRUMP 2020
People donate sperm all the time... they're called one night stands, and nobody wants to meet the results.  Also- that hair...
Looks outdated
Too many ppl are unaware that Puerto Rico is US territory.
Another crazy in the public streets
What a life he had
#NotMyPresident
this channel is like the bane of all retarded trump supporters
5% of comments saying pray for Mexico\n2% of comments say the world is ending\n93% of comments is talking about hateful comments even though I havent even seen one yet
I Pee on allah and filthy quran .
wow, can't believe I actually agree with Fox News & appreciate this perspective. Maybe Fox can be fair & balanced.
Umm..EXCUS ME....didn't you previously work for an organization not exactly known for it's support of the LGBT community....now you're on morning television assuming a guest's sexuality and joking about it. Yeah....I'd tone that down if I were you!
wouldnt it be fucked up if the glass was really shattering and all those ppl fell....jus saying
Earworm series: Let's try to invent random flashy metrics so that top-40 contemporary african-american music can be considered as theoretically grounded as all other aesthetically recognized music forms
This broad needs to get laid
Literal hell.
Fuck the left. Bunch of faggot victims who want welfare whore scraps.
What a weak ass tap dance.
and this my friends is what they do to the less fortunate. i bet they will build luxury condos there
Narrative. Strange choice of words.
we have plenty of wild monkeys in the US.. we are currently paying their EBT with our tax dollars...
You still get tax deductions for charitable donations in Australia. \nhttps://www.ato.gov.au/Individuals/Income-and-deductions/Deductions-you-can-claim/Gifts-and-donations/
God is REAL. He left something for Us to find on top of Our Planet. I found it several years ago and that's why I created my YouTube Channel. I'd like to invite anyone reading this, to come see what I found on Google Earth. I can prove to anyone on this Planet, that God is ABSOLUTELY REAL BEYOND ALL DOUBT. Please come see. This is NOT Click Bait. Several times already I've asked several different YouTube channels to come and try and debunk what I found, so far no one has. Please come see and help me share it with others. There's HOPE! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v67V3KtaSno
Omg
It is a scam, it's especially a scam perpetuated by white america to keep minority's docile and placate to white ameriKKKa.
I think a lot of the Dominicans are missing the point of the video. This series is called BORDERS. It's not painting all Dominicans as racist, it's showing the situation at the BORDER, and how that affects Haiti. That's the whole point of the video. See how Johnny spends most of the time along the border? He's not there to go to Punta Cana.
God bless
No, he did not. For a fact there were multiple shooters and for some reason they're ignoring the fact that while shit was going down, on the police scanner there were reports of shootings at Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Luxor, and Tropicana all at the same time.
I hope they ban guns so I can watch everyone's tongue faces when they screech MY 2ND AMENDMENT over and over it'll be hilarious  even if that won't stop violence
It is amazing to me. That all of these people can't seem to grasp that we live in America that we have certain rights that are granted us. Among these these is the right of Freedom Of Speech and Peaceable Protest. They allow white supremacy to be open and to espouse hate and racism. But when a group chooses to openly protest against hate and police brutality, they are condemned. Grow up people this is still America, No matter how much or current leader wants to make us the NEW RUSSIA. A place where you have few rights. A place where they can imprison anyone they consider to be a problem. I may not condone their forum, but i also see for most of them they little other forum available to them.  I am sure that few of them actually mean disrespect to those whom gave all in support of our country and freedoms. But for everyone whom automatically denounce them, need to realize that they are well within their right.
no matter how many women and how much money he had, he finally died.
Durka durka muhammad jihad
This was the worst shooting we have ever had but people aren't looking at the bigger picture, they are saying they should ban all guns in the u.s. but that man got his guns illegally, so even if you take away guns there will still be violence, and now no one is armed against it.  Plus if it were true that the guns were legal, the man was still found with enough explosives to kill everyone in that area(thank god he didnt). Right now what we should focus on is why he did this horrible thing because this guy didn't show any political or religious reasons. People say hes crazy but he planned it for 10 years.
So let me get this straight, we see an eclipse, then some hurricanes and two earthquakes, all relatively within the same time frame and you still want to skip church this Sunday?
You really shouldn't believe anything that a Fake News outlet puts out.  Paddocks girlfriend is lying, the Fumbling Bumbling Idiots arent' to be trusted or believed for any reason, under any circumstances.  The SHOOTERS hated Trump, and Republicans, and wanted to make a statement, by murdering as many as possible.  Why does anyone think that the Fucking Blind Idiots can't determine a motive for the shooting?
Oh look the sheep in pigs clothing
Somebody find this man a spine.
I hate rap.
Does anybody else here hate the BBC?
My heart goes out to all that at are dead/injured stay safe and fuck these people that do this #prayforvegas
he needs a doctor
Criminals don't follow laws so we might as well not have them? So do you also think that we shouldn't make owning meth, bombs, and child porn illegal too? No? Then please re-evaluate your argument and realize what a stupid argument it is
Wonder if she was on an expired visa or something. Something triggered this man to actually plan all this out and only target country music fans. It just seems to me that this murderer had to be  was really upset and planned on making a huge statement with this. He left evidence. He had to. On his cell phone, computer or something. This type of shit never happens just because. I'm betting money it was political in some way.
CBS News and Rolling Stone were the first to air his death before he had actually died. So it was fake news. He did die hours later.
A win for humanity.
It's finally over. 
Those poor people needed to move their feet. Instincts should kick in when you hear loud noises and screams...run! The shooter couldn't have had a more stagnant group of targets. Do sad.
I found this out a couple years ago,  I was so pissed that I stopped going. I asked the man how early he got up (he was forgetful) and then he said that he didn't do any farming, but its all Ontario grown. Turns out I could have bougt the same produce at the grocery store for cheaper.
Bullshit. Why would ancient man make such immense structures to 'keep track of time and the seasons' when all they had to do is look at the flora and fauna around them to easily tell when the seasons where changing, which they had to do anyway just to survive as hunger-gatherers. They were far more intricately connected to the seasons and biorhythm of the earth than we are; the modern mainstream archeological opinions on these kinds of structures is utterly devoid of logic. My wife is an archeologist and has been trying to fight the established status quo for years, which is to say that modern archeology doesn't formulate their theories from the evidence, rather, they have a theory before the evidence is gone through and any evidence that contradicts their theory is generally disregarded. This is even the case in paleontology, where the desire to name something or be 'the discoverer' has caused the dinosaur bones of young, juvenile, and then adult species of the same type, possibly even from the same family unit in cases where the remains were found right next to each other, be classified and named as completely separate species for over 100 years, only now being realized as bogus. There's a TED talk on youtube about that very case, just do a quick study for 'TED talk young dinosaurs'.
Couldn't hardly listen to go rest high on that mountain. Played that at my grandfather and great grandmothers funerals. God bless the victims of this terrible act of evil, and god bless this great nation and assist us in condemnation of acts of terror such as what we experienced.
climate change deniers. ..
Dumb ass...
In communist Russia, you supply commentary.
As I sit here and read up on this shooting in Vegas I can't help but read the comments under the articles or peoples posts. Some are blaming guns, others are trying to make it a race issue, some are bringing up that it wasn't the worst mass shooting in America. While I respect everyone's views and they have a right to an opinion on the matter I can't help but feel we are going about this in the wrong way. We need to rise up from this and help each other. Not play the fucking blame game on why he did it. What happened was disgusting and it was done by someone who was evil. Nothing more, nothing less. Stop trying to make this political, or racial, or even bring up the Wounded Knee Massacre. Go home hug your loved ones. Be thankful you're alive because I know theres many people that won't be going home that should be. What should have been an unforgettable and amazing experience turned into the worse thing ever for them and for that we should honor them by loving the ones around us and showing them that as a Nation we can rise up against hate.
The hubris is strong in Apple, could have used that money to make better products...
If it was NASCAR he will be dead   That guy is so fat he need 2 hand cuff
Credit where credit is due. The LU employee deserves credit for the way he acted. Anyone else agree here?
Good luck from South Carolina
Thanks to the kids and adults who put their hearts into this performance.
!  .     ^^      .
I'd love to see what rap god would look like on that
this vid is sooo *Satisfying*
Hillary Clinton can deep throat like a MO-FO!
It is quite interesting when Brexiters are telling the stories of Grate Global Britain. They all say about how it will be once UK will get there, but no one ever said how to get there. I am Polish citizen living in UK and all my wealth is in Uk so well being of this country is quite important to me. I would love to hear how are you guys going to get there (Global Britains)  after leaving EU. My wealth is at stake here and I am quite worried. Here is why: Britain has no trade deals with other countries apart those which are via EU. Britain so far has no prospects to get real trade deal with any country on day one after leaving EU. If you revert to WTO you will become less competitive then others which means others will find new suppliers. On top of that you can't really accommondate more customs problems due to lack of manpower therefore you won't be able to import as much as you want (less supplies mean higher prices and bigger inflation). If you go zero tariffs on import to offset the customs incapacity then business will get real incentive to go to EU (I am sure you can imagine why and I don't have to explain that). That lack of a trade deal on the day one after Brexit means you will do virtually no business and that will take months. Any one can imagine what can do month of lights out to any business and it can do the same to whole country. The transition period is the first smart thing UK did after voting for Brexit. Please fill free to explain to me how you will prosper after EU so I can be at ease that my and your wealth is safe :)
We all know Amber Rudd is smirking in the audience
DOOFUS! DOOFUS! DOOFUS!
Someone at the FBI must really hate ICP. These people are not a gang and should not be considered one
Damn...why cant all whites think like him
I know it's tempting to find humor because we in western cultures take this liberty for granted. I see it as a tiny step forward for these Muslim women, still clad in burqas but if you learn more about it, it is a beginning step. I congratulate the Arab Muslim men on behalf of these women. It was the right thing to do.
see. even if trump built a wall. a earthquake will just knock it down.
Love kelly anne, love trump fuck everyone else. MAGA
Inb4 Afrocentrist KANGZ comments or pseudonazi pussybois talking about illegal immigrants.
I'm in Houma, LA 70360 with no wind, rain or chaos. Wanna buy a generator?
So many Vloggers would Break that damn Glass its crazy
ENERGY DEPLETING MUST RE-ENERGIZE \n\nBEEP BOOP BEEP BOOP.
It's not this deep....just another psychotic ass white man!....funny how when one of their own does some shit...it takes a long ass drawn out investigation into why,and all this other fuckery!...and they refuse to call him what he is!.....A CRAZY ASS TERRORIST!
the world is legit ending
The juice is now lose...RIP
Murica
Why is there the Emmys in the middle of the year? No wonder no one bothered to see this.
Get better phone. may I suggest? Oneplus5  price is worth it, camera is good, battery is good, lot of memory, fast charger, good sound, its not 4k I think but who cares.
Most people won't have a problem with this. They are designed to thwart something gun owners don't really care about. The banning of full auto. I even had the little crank trigger pulling accessory for the ruger 10/22 when I was a kid and it was fun but not really important to me or anything.
What is a sin ger, i thought it was called singer, ... oh well. RIP Tom, you were one of the great ones
Oh look a bomb lets get close and point at it
California's next.
I think people should be more upset about cops over using their power and killing innocent people more then football players making a political statement, which is their freedom of speech.
Religion of peace strikes again
democrats are nigger hating racist, you go pick some cotton boy
CnnMoney is so right on here. It's all blackness, all purposeless. Why discuss anything when the void awaits us all at the end.
That sucks
Sounds like he was trying to protect her and if the brother did not know of his issues, he kept to himself.
No body can stand and against,,, His commands ...
Lol they say it takes away from the game when they aren't even in it.
I greatly respect anyone who paves the way for diversity and give talented people a platform despite what others may say about it.
Monumento para esa perrita en el centro histrico salvo vidas
Trump doesnt believe in climate change haha
Clearly this guy is more concerned with the small minority in Arizona that pay that tax to not have insurance than the majority in Arizona who pay for the insurance and just want it affordable.
100% of UK citizens have over priced, bad internet
Spllitz he wouldnt care
rednecks will thus smash into eachother thrice   Samuel 28:7
I guess the bunnies aren't going to be playing Hop on Pop anymore.
YA I MADE A MIS TAKE !! TRUMP > TWEER MAN OR HILLAY LIER ! IS THIS WHAT U GAVE US > WHAT A JOKE > IM NOT LAUGHTING !!! SORRY FOR MY MIS SPELL>I CANT READ !!U ARE ALL A JOKE !! HAY > KIM HAS AN H>B NOW LAUGHT THAT OFF !! DUM ASS !! U WILL KILL US ALL > ASS HOLES !!
What a bunch of weaboos
2:25 Nice flub their on calling Da VInci, DiCaprio, we forgive you jon.
The ceo, LOL NOPE WE JUST WANT ED MONEYZ YAAYAAAYAYAAYZ
CNN IS THE MOST FAKEST OF EM ALL..\nFAKE NEWS\nFAKE REPORTERS\nFAKE FAKE FAKE
People forget one little MAJOR thing. The Democrats are the ones who wanted slavery. They were the party of the kkk. They were the Confederates.
Whenever trump threatens anyone with war and destruction nature replies with death and destruction .
The first time I see a fox segment and love it!!!!!
Trash
Where did joss fong go she was the best
Open Borders and Empathy for Terrorist does Not keep them from Killing You. #DrainTheSwamp
Trying to show God your internet search history and he gets angry.
I have never laughed so hard at something in my life before. Hahaha, well done good sir. Well done.
There's alot of *wild monkeys* in europe. They may not have tails.
Why did I think this was about an Xbox exclusive
so much eyewitness evidence that he did not do this alone https://youtu.be/OxQOCrY-roc
Thought the guy in the thumbnail was a monkey
Prolonged and excessive use of blinking indicates that the Sheriff isn't really telling the truth. There's something that they are not telling us...
White supremacist? What?  she's an uneducated black woman who blames the whites for everything. Even when we're included into the racist ad
Nothing's changed - a quote from Simpson after nine years in prison for selfish thoughtless actions. Wow!!! you'd think he would have had some introspective journey about being a total douche bag. But no........Nothing's changed
yeah cause we're not all human ffs
I believe the actual reason to gun stocks rising is no reason, hence the 10s nothingness.
Lol I can't believe everyone is talking more about the news lady then about the actually news... I live in Florida... And this was a blessing to see that the hurricane is getting better. You people are terrible... Just terrible.
I like how a few months ago make the mexicans pay for the wall. Now its pay the mexicans to rebuild their walls.
FALSE FLAG wake up America
Omg, what a crybaby. Hillary played dirty and she lost. Stop bitching about it, you were not liked amongst Bernie supporters, people saw you as the career politician you are, that lies and cheats her way into a potential position she thinks she deserved. You are a hack and fake person.
Holy .....\n\nI nominate this video for video of the year. Where's that award at?
the new iphone
will have you a cold beer shrimp steak get you a nice white girl get some pussy the juice is loose
So far more than 200 ppl lost... many students from a school that collapsed... people who couldn't leave the buildings in time and are under all the remainings... it's very sad but everyone is helping. We've come together in this horrendous situation to try and get everyone out... never felt more proud of being a Mexican
Trump walked in and dropped his 20lb nuts right on the podium. Socialists, rocketman, globalists btfo.
Instead of Secretary Clinton he should've said Not President Ms Clinton
Fake Hollywood Touts 'Gun Control'\n_BUT_ Make Billions from Gun Violence in their stupid Movies
3:37 never thought id see a black person wearing a confederate army cap. Im assuming he doesnt know what it means
Why is everyone so butthurt?
So this is trending but Asian Jake Paul is nowhere to be seen... cool.
Wow
When a big blast happens in Anime and the aftermath happens causing the wind  to hit the character(you). lol
So, where was pat when people called Obama, the president, a monkey. It's funny, he's a church leader but he doesn't get it
The guy at the end has the right idea
3:40 there it is, some of the idiocy from the right creeping in...\n\nsocialism is the backbone of modern society. well that's not entirely correct. socialism and a little bit of fiscal responsibility are the backbone of modern society. you talk about red pill, but none of you don't want to acknowledge successes in socialist experiments over in denmark, canada and finland. you automatically default to dictatorial regimes as your evidence of crumbling socialism??? what the hell guys, take your red pill. mixed economics works great. \n\nyou wouldn't have your firefighters, cops, functional infrastructure (roads, energy, water, doctors etc..) without some socialism ingrained in your society. the key here is to never go extreme.
what is more FAKE than CNN and a four letter word ? NASA !
Catalonia our hearts are with you. I am Kurdish from Kurdistan and we just had our referendum for our independence. We are praying for you  \nFREE CATALONIA! 
The thumbnail of the woman crying hurts me.
That's their way of still promoting white supremacist...commercial like this got away with it more back in the day...blk americans isn't falling for these subliminal message that these commercials are doing...for those who have a problem with it, has already got brainwashed by the white americans agenda or having a hard time coming out that coma that the U.S. government doing with our brain
Those who choose to live in a hurricane zone... You know the risks.  Then they want aid and everyone's help. I live in one of the snowiest areas in the US, we never get aid or help when we're buried under snow or suffer tons of ice damage. Grow a spine people and start taking responsibility for your own choices.
Good for You
I KNOW there was some damage but NOTHING like the media built this storm  up to be the WORSE EVER!! Smh
How many people started spewing hate when Bob said equivocally? That type of grammar can confuse some.
It did trumps dirty work
This is the best thing ever
Faux News Channel
Medicare for all.
oh gtfo ... please close dove, we can live without their pig fat soaps...
Harvey's nothing, we had Jimmy Fucking Saville.
I wouldn't wanna be her right now.
We will, we will, rock you!!
She acts as if she doesn't even wanna be there like leave bitch if you don't wanna do your job. Such a cunt.
No worries the illegals will help rebuild your sanctuary City.
black privilege!!!!!! fuck blm and fuck antifa and liberals!!!!
The cyclist blew the red light! Cyclist have to follow the same rules of the road as cars.
There is No Rest or peace for the unrepentant sinner. Only a fearful Judgment. God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that everyone believing in Him should not PERISH but have Everlasting life.
Nobody wants to watch a show here a bunchof Hollywired clones make fun of the best POTUS we ever had. The Lizards are running scared!!!!
http://vire.info/?cash=12982
Whoopi Goldberg Has a History of Defending Left Wing Predators https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBqoC8crDvk
Hilarious coming from a draft dodger. Alabama is as racist today as they were in the 60's. George Wallace, Jeff Sessions just a few of the scumballs this State has brought us.
Love it, love it, love it.
Nothing burger
shooter worked at lockheed martin? the missile bomb place?
Thank you fox. I think the republican party can come back, but i hope our president grows up a little bit, it makes conservatism look bad when he twitter storms.
Actually, this movie is awesome, but just for smart people
Another day in Londondistan
Kellyanne our leader... well, in German the word is unser Fhrer...
God please stop this
I how long it'll be before the BBC disable the comments
Fuck baseball
Man made fire
Very helpful
this is on of the few paintings that are kinda modern, but also art.\n\nwell.. if you see art as something that requires skill and talent. and that tells you something.\n\nif you like people having a nosebleed over a canvas and selling it for millions. do your thing.
Remember when people went to the video store, looked for an interesting movie, and then decided for themselves if they liked it or not. Those days are long gone.
STAY STRONG MEXICAN PEOPLE... YOU ARE IN OUR CONSTANT PRAYERS... WE LOVE YOU. SABEMOS QUE ESO NOS PUEDE PASAR A TODOS. BESOS Y ME UNO A SU DOLOR.... Que Jehov los acompae y les de fuerzas para soportar. Y si pueden vayanse de ahi...
hans zimmer kinda overrated, but good at what he does
Come on! CNN reporters knew all about Weinstein for years, decades. \nThey went after Trump but not Weinstein.\nF.A.K.E. news central.
Dude, the beginning is hilarious . Just by watching it, it tickled my balls XD
By the way, bringing up the 60s only works on your generation these days. I hope it won't work on them much longer either.
Frikken media. That's all ya got? Wow. Yeah sure, Breaking news folks!!!!!!
All our prayers are with you Mexicans . From Algeria.
We all care about that we are so worried about Hollywood. Just like the time someone called CNN real news.
No one gives a shit about the Emmy's
Thanks Trump. 
Well, at least he wasn't a hypocrite. There's more mercy from God for straightforward bad people than for liars and hypocrites. Nevertheless, let's hope he repented at the last, because otherwise there'll be no RIP for poor, pathetic Heff.
Can't be that bad, the train still has its GLASS
What a cheap last comment she makes lol. Stfu May XD
WE NEED MORE EARTHQUAKES!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*it's not enough*
nh
Drumpf such an embarrassment, although it is America's greed that has brought this clown to us-& The Oligarchy, of course.
Jemele Hill has been part of what... 3-4 canceled shows?
this is the same people who keep awarding this sickos and defend perv like woody allen,arnold and others.buch of hipocrites .
Trump you moranic douche. All you good at is twisting facts and populist bashing of other people who have different views than you have. You are not worthy of presidency. Get lost.
 
Nice pink tie Cavuto. Lol Fox News is Fake news at it again
7 years of nothing but complete opposition to Obama. GOP has controlled Congress for 6 out 8 Obama years and has done nothing but obstruct. Now they find themselves with a Congress majority AND a Senate majority AND the White House and lo and behold they get NOTHING done. You have all 3 branches and you literally CANNOT do ANYTHING. It is simply pathetic
Paul Ryan is a corporate sell out ! That is fact.
Beautiful!!
The fucking mum made her do it ok. 
NFL 2017 Sponsors \n\nGatorade (PepsiCo)\nVisa Payment systems services\nCampbells Soup\nFedEx\nFrito-Lay (PepsiCo)\nMars Candy & Snackfood\nPepsi (PepsiCo)\nDairy Management Inc.\nBridgestone Tire\nGillette/Head & Shoulders\nVicks/Old Spice (Procter & Gamble)\nVerizon\nBarclays Affinity card\nPapa Johns Pizza\nCastrol Motor Oil\nAnheuser-Busch\nUSAA Insurance\nBose\nCourtyard by Marriot\nXbox (Microsoft)\nQuaker Oats (PepsiCo)\nTide/Duracell (Procter & Gamble)\nLenovo\nMcDonald's Restaurants\nSAP Cloud Software Solutions\nSurface/Windows (Microsoft)\nCoverGirl (Procter & Gamble)\nZebra Technologies\nTD Ameritrade\nExtreme Networks\nNationwide Insurance\nHyundai Motor Company\nDannon Yogurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XehYmn1ouFY
what a lovely person
1k views and trending? good to know YT is bought out corrupt scum.
Republicans don't care about the poor, Mitt Romney said it himself, I'm not concerned about the very poor, when he ran against Barack Obama.
This nigga has 19 children and I can't even get a text back.
She probably said I'm not leaving and said that person had to leave
All of a sudden everyone is a gun expert.
wow,,, the victim again
You can take away our guns, but the criminals won't listen. Why do you think we have guns in the first place??
love.....
Also a snake.
Does anybody else here hate the BBC?
This guy gets awesome goverment healthcare. So should everyone else.\n#Singlepayer #Medicareforall
Hurricane Irma Makes Landfall in Florida Keys as Powerful Category:\nit's really major concern of some countries.\ni have some video: https://goo.gl/Gg7HNh
The only thing suspicious is the fact that the video footage has not been released. I think it is very possible that there is no conspiracy but that the lack of information is due to there still being suspects who might have known about his plans. regarding motive that is still the biggest question.
It's arable land now!
Crazy part is thats no troll. Thats actually Sam Walton founder of Walmart reinvigorated and given a new body to live out immortality.
Fishing will be great
Last time this happened everyone sided with the victim,what happened this time?
No fish-eye lens. Flat Earth confirmed!
Why is the flag ripped in some places??
Donald Trump Rand on immigration with this Orlando shooting! Now that is a white man they don't want to call him a terrorist. They keep making son to get away from gun control.
Why 24.13 million Australians don't have fast internet
This is conspiracy,Uber try to avoid responsibility,they had four mounts to resolve the problem with TfL,and they didn't find any solution because this is theatre ,even they don't prepare the drivers about this because are irresponsible and they must be convicted to pay conpesations to all this people
Ok there was some hurricane drama here irma and hurrvy where dating they broke up and katiea was with harrvy irma got mad then jose said dont leave me irma i love u then maria said wait jose.. i love u come back jose. Seee  credits to -Me my dad and my aunt who made this story up.
False Flag Bullshit
Classic Family Guy.
Retards Attempting Poetry
This is incredible - I feel for all who lost so much - the message from above might be start fresh - make room for the new -  it will only be better lots of good luck to all!
why do these videos always have music i never heard of that they think is popular? where is vox that this is popular? also i would say just like fire by pink would be better for the last. that song seems like 3 songs in one or something.
The only question is... is it an old timey *sweet* RIPE tomato?\nOr is it a modern tomato??
I would pray for the Mexican people, but I can't! No matter what, the Liberals and Conservatives and whatnot always have to associate everything with politics! It needs to end!\n\nI supported Trump, but I ain't no racist, and I ain't no Neo-Nazi. Not all Trump supporters are evil, so quit infusing politics with everything!\n\n\n-My broken rant. Idk insult me.-
This is so...\n\n\n\n\ncorny
I don't think it was cool that Ford motor company picked him up in the new 2018 bronco 
Visualize some pink Floyd or queen.... you might get different results...
He provided nothing of value to the World.
God is trying to warn us, repent now!
Lol the giants suck anyway
Fuck your tragedy. Fuck your putaerta ricone - the island of putas. What you produced exactly from 1970-s to 2017? Mixed nigro faggy families? Cocaine, crime. That's what you produced exactly for all the time. You stupid lazy bastards deserve to DIE. Fuck your shitty nagging crying crap : Mnja mnja mnja Tvump do no gonna hevp puevto rico!!!1111 Fuck all of you stupid apes. \n\nWe have a TRAGEDY in Texas. Peoples who is actually hard working for feeding you, lazy bastards. This peoples paying taxes for your motherfuckin'  food stamps, roads, electricity, internet, EXACTLY FOOD. And of course YOUR benefits. I wish you all gonna die motherfuckin niggers. By the way Whole South America hates you. Your stupid nigro island same as fuckin Cuba. Have exactly nothing, except bananas. I'm gonna fuck your assholes with cutted sick islamist leg. Fuck you very much you faggots, tolerace bitches. you just bunch of lazy niggers. PUERTO RICO - LAZY FUCKIN NIGGER ISLAND.\n\n\nDid  you fucking bastards really think about mister Trump gonna help you? No assholes. you given your vote for islamist-nigger obama, now time to pay for your stupidness. For nigrobama care. You fucking kikes, niggers, mixed nigger bastards, islamist cocksuckers, you all damn parasites. Nature taking care about shit like you. Fucking mixed faggots did you heard about termin survival of the fittest? Now you all gonna get it. Now you taste it. Hundreds years ago, in a same time when Nords, South white slavic\anglican\spanish\franc peoples conquer the World, was exploring new places, you fuckin apes sitting on a trees and eating bananas. You can't stay alive more than one year, you can't help yourself. YOU ARE DESERVE TO DIE.  I'm happy about your fuckin tragedy. \n\nI feel more sadness for\about poor Mexico. Because guess what, you fucking niggers? MEXICAN  PEOPLES PRODUCE SOMETHING GOOD. Mexican peoples don't producing a 78% nigger\puerto rico crime\cocaine\heroin (that's only one thing what you can actually produce from 1970's, for sure). Look at Japan - FUCKIN ISLAND. In 1970's Japanese peoples was poor as rats in sewer. \n\nLook at them right now:\nPuerto rico\parasites: 0% new science discovery, staying alive yet because US peoples feeding em', em' nigro lazy asses. And they crying after a hurricane, and ask about help like bunch of cheap NIGGER'S whores.\nJAPAN - Technology,  science's Giant. They actually stay alive after hardest earthquake, which destroy em NUCLEAR ELECTRICAL PLANT.  And they keep doing  discovery in science.\n\nFUCK.YOU.VERY.MUCH.NIGGERS.
Good thing the shooter was white or things would have gotten racist up in here
Hanoi Jane hope u die very very soon u vindictive bitch.
Do Catcher in the Rye please. I read it in college on my own time, and it was the worst book I have ever read. I don't get why it's a classic.
This sounds exactly like my dad, narcissist blabbermouthing. When people say America needs God, America is found on the principle of freedom of speech, expression, and RELIGION. I dislike people who say its because not everybody is Christian and the devil etc, because for one, I dont believe in that lol. And for two, the whole point of America is you can be whoever you want. For this man to say these things is truly unAmerican.
Now just take off the stupid sharia law
Faux News Channel
Mother nature is trying to get rid of humans
cringe interview
And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?\nAnd they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.\n-Acts 16:30-31\n\nAnd he (Jesus) said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.\n-Mark 16:15\n\nFor God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. \n-John 3:16
When someone from Fox news' dick goes limp for Trump, it's getting bad.
Since when does the NRA dictate what we need to regulate or not? CorporateAmerica!
You have some sound policies\n\nSo so close cavuto
Good luck m8!
According to FBI records this is according to White FBI white men kill more white cops so stop trying to put it on black people I'm glad that the world sees how America really is even Russia is talking about how you trying to blame everything on black people I'm glad the world can see
its not even real or happening to me but im getting ANXIETY just thinking about that
Praying... so kind.\n\n_Sigh._ Why the fuck don't we take some action instead of talking to our invisible friends?
we still have hope as a nation.. further more, we still have hope of shattering racist stigmas 
God is coming? What the fuck think usa people? Its naturally and EVERYBODY KNOW THAT, EVERYBODY mexican people KNOW THAT, We dont said this when the cyclon destroyed houston, texas.\n\nAnd the USA people send help or your support ... Thanks... 1985 earthquake was a terrible in 19 September ... Now is a hell...
Police said they found an AK-47 style weapon on a tripod, and they also found scopes, along with .228 and .308 caliber weapons. This is how he was able to reach them from that range.
Lynch trump and no more feuds
The NRA and RNC conventions ban guns from their premises. When they open the doors to legal owners being allowed to bring guns in, maybe we will listen to your ideas.
jay williams, you are stupid!!!! sports is sports, not politics, the only thing those worthless players who do not respect our National Symbols,  need to do, is resperct.  WE THE PEOPLE......
Greenpoloboy3\nIt feels like she has walked into the boxing ring with nothing but a scared face and white flag\n................................\nBest comment in my eyes. Question: isn't she English? If she is, that would explain the scared face and the white flag, the English start wars and raise a white flag when defeat is written on the wall.
hes such an egotist always mentioning his money and how people LOVE him
So is it Trump's hair's fault that Bob Costas has a shitty toupee too?
I'm glad Spicer got fired. Now he gets to be awesome.
I think the tlf need to take a look in the mirror.
That's 42 seconds of my life I'm never getting back
kylie wasn't here because she is PREGNANT
428 views \n\n#38 On Trending\n\nwtf dude \n\n\n\n\n\nEdit: i think america is getting fucked by trump, north korea and hurricanes.\n\nWhile i was planning a video for tomorrow a saw on my computer that it was the end of the world on 15 october and i thought it was a hoax.. but i think its actually being serious, ya know.. it also has fake pictures and it was on a fishy news site on the msm home page so i think its a hoax now..\n\n\n\n\n\nThe Trending Is Fucked Too.. i mean that freaking google event with all that techy stuff was a big event right? But all those videos on the las vegas shooting is still there!! I know its a tragic event but it doesnt need to stay there for long..\nBut at least the trending has some good stuff like movie trailers.. austin evans.. and that mickey mouse short show! \n\n\nBut were getting videos with only 400 views and videos about THE FUCKING PRESIDENT!!!\n\n\n(the 5th edit.. i know)\n\nThe emoji movie was on #2 trending..  *shit* \n\nbut if you dont care i just wanna let you know\n\n:)
AMERICANS, CAN YOU DIG IT #TRUTH
Don't understand why people would dislike this 
How embarrassing
Bunch of pussies in the comments here. Like always cut right after the question ask, you liberals are fucking morons!
rest in peace all of the FDNY,NYPD, Civilans who lost their lives in 9/11
We ate thousands of dollars of  sushi lol
Holy shit. Looks like they dropped a Tac nuke on the place. :(
What the fuck ! Recruitment ! Are you fucking serious ! Who is this dumbass
If she said Boobs, her heart would stop.
calm diwn lady....
so thats why kylie is not there. congrats kylie for being preggo!
humor brings everyone together!
The FBI should be talking because he clearly knows nothing and tell him nothing. It's like a hospital receptionist performing a surgery. HOPELESS
How about 'Why 100+ millions Filipinos don't have fast internet'
You slave raciste Jok jakass bitch slut slave
white devils
It'll probably just be another boots on ground counter insurgency style occupation. Just another country our troops will rotate units in and out of indefinitely.
*BOYCOTT CBS* #TillTheyDie
No skycraper fell.
We need to nuke mecca
HAHA
Yeah. We missed it on purpose.
Omygoodness
Lol Mexico didn't help the US with Irma, looks like karma came full circle. Hopefully the US doesn't send any money to this deplorable country.
This looks so cool when you're high
I've said this in the past:  most rappers and thugs should actually be republicans
This is not a legacy to be proud of this was the start of the famous for F**k all era everything they have all the golden opportunities they get and for what? They share the red carpet with real life legends that's crazy to me
So blacks are racist against blacks?
I gotta say the musicality of this rap is actual crap, but the triplet does give a ton of soul and makes you wanna dance.
Frida est hermosa, y su labor lo es an ms :3
You can tell he's a vet or something by how calmly he can talk about that stuff. Military trains you to stay focused under pressure, but witnessing death first hand changes you.
Heading right for me
Sick stache.
TRump should listen to what hes saying.
Where's conor when you need him Ireland?
https://youtu.be/-HdzHkkYOsc
conspiracy theorists will study this how the fuck do u sneek fucking 10 guns and ammo into a hotel then magically be able to aim then with pin point acuracy who the fuck sold him the guns the any fucking gun store owner wouldnt sell 10 guns and ammo he either got the guns from some shady dealer or they where given to him
CUCK CUCK CUCK
Whaittt powaaaa!!!
My grandma lives in Naples. She wasn't able to fly to NY where most of our family lives so she had to shack up inside an arena with hundreds if not thousands of other people
Japan here I come
If you have a brain and you're not out of your mind crazy or a liberal go buy a gun it's the best purchase you will ever make it could save you life one day and omg is it so fun to shoot. These liberals have no clue if they shot a gun they would love it. Registered Democrats like mass shootings tho so if you're a democrat it should be alot harder to get a gun legally.
She looks like she ate 2 pounds of chinese food and a 6 pack before she went to bed
Daaammnnn, they KILLED it... tearing up just watching that...
Old news, hurricane fizzled out, all those people evacuated for nothing
Imagine you taking a dog you think is yours and its really not lmao.
And awesome that you bring that to light its good to know whats going on around you when others are always trying to pull the wool over your eyes
                   .                                             
this guy needs to stfu, you're the brother of a terrorist...thats it an that all... god bless the dead...EXCEPT HIS SICK EVIL BROTHER!!!!
Who cares about this fucking hollywood scandal shit, start reporting things that actually matter in this world, Fuck CNN
He's right.
How can uber be unsafe when you can check the name of the driver and what his rating is on your phone? This is a blatant attempt to make more profit for black cabs.
a question that hasn't come out yet.  When did racism or being racist ever become solely and diversely linked to only African American ridicule?  Isn't racism everywhere or better yet, isn't racism conveyed both ways?  Maybe the white majority is too obvious but there a just as many other cultures that frequently hate on another group fueled by international and/or domestic history.  ...
It was funny stuff when she said, what are you doing? it was pretty obvious what was goin on , and it was funnier how 2 dogs were quieter than this brash ,spoiled and child minded woman.
Time for Dump to pretend he gives a shit
YouTube please stop putting videos on trending that have less views
We need Gign and RAID units patroling the streets undercover
I dont understand why its so hard to grasp the fact most of these shootings happened from an illegal firearm. so why arent we cracking down on gun trafficking?
No
Kill them all, inferior stupid religious killers
Sick basterd
I love how they say Las Vegas They say Lass and we say Loss Vegas here in the south lol
Where is hurricane when they need it the most in California?
It's clear by now blacks hate America and all white people, they are not ''protesting''  for some ''injustice''.. Blacks experience the same problems we all do in life. Blacks think they should be placed on a pedestal be worship and  given special  entitlement, treatment and a victimhood mentality that justifies violence, ignorance, failures and low IQ sub-human behavior. And Marxist along with white-guilt self-loathers want us to   give blacks glorification for their violence and debauchery. It's only going to get worse. Blacks are extremely jealous and hate white people . They want everything given to them and get upset when they aren't treated like kangz. They will never be happy or satisfied until they see whites completely destroyed... \n\n\nWhite people need to wake the hell up and realize what's going onand do something before it's too late! Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society . White people are least racist, nationalistic and aggressive people in the world these days and that's why we are going to die out. This is just not kind of world where you can allow yourself to be weak and open when everybody else is not. We got to stop and think things over. What's is needed are tough decisions, action and strength Whites need to have each others back and get over any differences they may have. Whites need to stop worrying about being called a racist as it's a hollow attack. Whites need to forget about white guilt - whites built this nation and have given more to minorities than any other race. These people don't want peace, they want everything and they want whites to suffer. \n\n\n\n  For 50 years blacks have been crying  racism andoppression burn down cities rioted demanded special rights, special treatment and Affirmative action . And now 50 years later they are millionaires and billionaires for rapping about being pimps, thugs, drug dealers and criminals. Or for playing basketball making millions for being actors. Blacks are now in every part of government Senators, governors, mayor's, attorney general, city council , law enforcement leaders , district  attorney and  presidents and STILL CRY AND PLAY THE VICTIM AND FAKE OPPRESSION CARD!! Still riot, loot and  demanded special rights, special  treatment and Affirmative action saying whites are holding them down  what pathetic people stay along side their oppressors go back to Africa,  you don't understand we don't want to put up with you or your bullshit!  America is so racist and horrible... hey oppressed black people, I think we should vote to use tax payer dollars to get you on a plane and fly you to the nearest African country.  it pains me to see you suffer so much in America. \n\n\n\n\nThis is a white country and should remain a white country for us and our children. Whites have the right and deserve a leader that will  protect them their Interests, hopes, dreams, well-being, safety and security. To safeguard and preserve our lands, culture, traditions, women, children, freedoms and  entire racean it's future from being obliterate from the face of the earth so we can live a beautiful peaceful life with our own people celebrating our culture and traditions and upholding our values and freedoms, without living in fear of being persecuted.  White people have the right to a homelands and Homogeneous nations. Because Homogeneous nations don't have problems with racism and perceived racism Multiculturalism is the racist ideology that somehow our culture ,ethnicity ,religion, language, race shouldn't be as valued in our ancestral homeland because the color of our skin is white. White nations are for whites not the rest of the world they don't accept mass immigration so why should we. Whites have got to stop asking otherraces that hate us for Permission to exist!  \n\n\nWhites need to expel and banish all non-whites  leeching parasites out of white counties they don't belong here and can not coexist in white civilization!  No other race ON EARTH has to put up with the constant bitching and moaning from other races but especially blacks. I think it all stems from a completely pathological jealousy of white people. Notice the only other race to be mostly successful (Asians and Latinos ) does not complain about white people. Only the ones who can't ever get their shit together or take responsibility. Everyone says don't be racist be then it is perfectly okay tobe racist against white men and the white-guilt self loather is the biggest enemy of whites. And lets call the Democrat's and Republicans leaders what they are and who they support ,white- guilt traitors, black supremacists, communists, Marxists, drug dealers, gang members, jihadists, child rapists, liars, welfare scum, thieves, perverts  and enemies to Western civilization.
Theresa May She is weak. She does not want us to leave. She is a follower, not a true leader
That's what y'all get for voting for Donald trump. God is not happy   ..
Trump and Bannon are defending our great nation and its citizens from a system of corruption that goes well beyond evil.......the American political system has been planted with pedophile scumbag politicians who never were elected by the people but rather a fraudulent election system.... where voting equipment is hacked and Illegal aliens vote by the millions .... dead people vote by the millions....this to name a few aspects of an American election system gone totally left and corrupted to its core...created  to service and elect politicians that are willing to sell out our American values and heritage plus loot our great nation economically.....Obama was there super star .....elected by a fraudulent voting system and propped up by the fake news .......this scenario has been exposed .......Obama was a traitor and more over a terrorist !! We as Americans must now change the landscape in our election system.... root out deception and destroy the cancerous core that has produced so many false prophets in our great nation.........Thank you Steve Bannon and Donald Trump for exposing what many have died trying to expose for many decades.........We will make America Great Again and the Patriots are rising to this cause ..................In God We Trust and MAGA !!!\nShow less\nREPLY
this is an insult to Islam
Look at the building collapsing. Looks like the WTC collapse, and its totally real, not a demolition. Just found this interesting
Why was she stacking her belongings on top of her as if she were moving, as reported by her neighbors
I guess this is the latest hot thing\nPeople being dragged off airplanes\nUntil something new comes along the media will bombard us with this shit
Emmy is MY NAME
This is not racist.  I am a black woman who didn't find the hidden racisim in ths.
What's the secret behind the ring he is wearing all the time???
It really wasn't as bad as it could be.
Juggalos and Juggalettes are just folks who like to drink soda, smoke weed and have fun.
Philippines has a history of Islamic terrorism and a large Muslim community. Not saying thats the case here but...
Ive been there
Same shit in Estonia tho
need more migrants to England. this is god's way of punishing England for the many sins of the Beattles !   gods wrath us upon England for the Beattles satanic music clearly heard , satan is god  when played backwards at 45 rpm !!!!
I am very disgusted that these people and other individuals have started to wear the symbol of the cross like it's fashion. I mean the cross of Jesus Christ is not a fashion trend , it is for the salvation of mankind to eternal life. The worst thing is that they wear it in such a horrible way like this Kylie & friend jordyn woods. She wears an underwear half naked and she as a cross as a necklace. The contrast between a symbol of purity and sin is just so real! It's like the devil is using these people to try and devalue the cross. Well I think that cross has nothing to do with Jesus Christ anyways 
I genuinely think she isn't involved.
There are more the two shooters!!!! Show the countless videos with two distinct and different distance gun shots.  False flag for gun grab.
I thought the guy at around 3:20 was green screened in... ohhh how the shadows tell otherwise xD
WHAT HAPPENED??? TRUMP HAPPENED
The FBI should give a public apology for their fuck up it's just music people. Mcl
Like how everyone took it as a joke - sometimes the best jokes come from real life situations 
This is very sad:(
Hhhhh Hhhhh Hhhhh ohov hi boho yo y y police hovoo yovoohoovovoovovoogovoo yovoohoovovoovovoogovoo yovoohoovovoovovoogovoo yovoohoovovoovovoogovoo yovoohoovovoovovoogovoo vvovvvovggohohvgvgov HV could g govgoh hhhovoho
Yay theyre finally making a park just for my favorite fruit, apples.
she's beautiful
Mark should have played himself,He's barely aged a day
9rs wowww is all i can say
How can we spend more money on ensuring guns are available for killing people in Las Vegas and for bombing civilians in Afghanistan and Yemen, if we allot funds for healthcare at home or for survivors of hurricanes?
i didnt even know there was a hurricane in Ireland, shows how self concerned America is 
Jesse is a liar or uneducated.
Prayers
Shame on those players. Boooo
can beyonce be next?
I hope he becomes the next Al Roker, because Al was always a bit of a putz and this guy is an incredible science communicator. So many people need to hear the news like this again. Maybe then, people would stop thinking every damn thing is a conspiracy, but I doubt it.
He'll be back...
He ran a red light like every other shithead cyclist on Earth wtf did he think was going to happen? And change the title of this video to cyclist runs red light and faces the consequences.
Please MORE Bone Thugs-N-Harmony beats, flow, lyrics, style videos!!!!  LEGENDS!!
We all care about that we are so worried about Hollywood. Just like the time someone called CNN real news.
Impressive! Keep on keeping on!
I hope the dogs pay for this...
2017=worst year
Its funny how everyone knew but stayed quiet...Now its recorded and everyones like.............\n\n\n\n\nWHHHHAAAAATTTT?
If Dominican Republic is so racist, unfair and mean country. Just name another country on earth that allows the citizens of a neighboring nation that is 8 times poorer to go across the border without visa to do business. Does the US do it with Mexico?
might as well get rid of Florida
Hey I saw an important historical information about 9-11 attack, check this out:http://kibuilder.com/F3i
those bitches have been sucking cocks for jobs for decades\nlook at the whore Meryl Steep - it's a piece of wood with eyes - ho do you think the talentless old slag gets work\nWeinstein should work for CNN - it's overflowing with sodomite cock-suckers
He did all this to get back at his wife nice
Something seems a little off on this one. I can't quite figure it out I just have a feeling...
I can't fucking take it. All these people saying my prayers are with you, think about what you're saying. You aren't giving them shit, go out there and help if you mean it.
whole time i am thinking do i care about this?, still watched it to the end
Its not only the farmers market. My parebts have a farm i helped every yr til we quit opening to the public. There are farmers doing the same in Spokane wa there are two farmers that has trucks that pull in after 6pm to drop off veggies and fruits and say they have grown everything there when they dont have the trees or the plants for the items that have been dropped off after business hours which made it harder for us to sell what we had wprk so hard to make sure the customer's get fresh fruits and veggies. Dont shop at the bigger farms unless you know its there. If you know they have the trees or plants then you know its fresh from there farms
This was very good! Thoughtful and thorough! Nice I liked it! Good job! 
Bill Cosby is disgusted.
a centro ad peripheriam.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJfKXbvA5T8
Hell yes.
Boy, I could spend hours picking this guy apart with his poor logic and strawman arguments. But in the interest of brevity: If his claim is valid that I dont understand this country if I do not think white privilege is a fact.\n\nThen it is no less valid if I claim that kneelers (and supporters) dont understand this country if they do not think kneeling during the National Anthem is disrespectful to the flag and veterans. \n\nHe cannot claim otherwise (using his logic), unless he presents supporting VALID facts. Although some of his facts are valid, most of his supporting arguments are opinions and untruths. \n\nI have not heard anyone claim that these men should not protest, but only protest at a more appropriate time. The National Anthem is a time to honor veterans and this country, not focus attention to other beliefs.  The Anthem only lasts a few minutes. That leaves plenty of hours in the rest of the day for protest.\n\nAnd I will trade places with Chris Rock. But it will never happen, just like all those celebrities promising to leave the country if Trump won.  All BS.
Black privilege. Lol
trump or hilary id rather have trump as a president any day over that fraudulent bitch.
it's odd to think how many people keep asking why trump is still talking about the NFL. when what they should be asking is why the reporters keep asking these stupid fucking questions. bush lubed up america and spread our cheeks for Obama so he could ram his big dick up our ass hole. and now we have an idiot in office. but this entire time the media has been so fucking busy with twitter and the entertainment industry that they don't do thier fucking jobs and dig into shit. trump and Obama where and are both pieces of shit who broke the law again and again and if the media where willing to go and do thier jobs instead of asking stupid unimportant questions like these most people would know this. it's like the media is actively trying to keep people uninformed about select things.
Women need to be taken out of politics
wtf
#31 on trending with 5000 views and 153 thumbs up... what the fuck
1:08 look closely  another one is on the way (like if you understood)
OJ just released this statement: I'm Rich Biacth!!! Still got my half million pensions!
I'm stuck here, they took the roads in tonight and they're storing them in a warehouse on the other side of the island
CNN are all pedophiles too!! All take it in the ass bitchs.. \nthis is jut the start CNN!! Americans are tired of you hurting our children and our country
Wilson needs to be put out to pasture.
Im in complete tears. So beautiful
Look at all these crazies. Maybe a second shooter on the grassy knoll?
damn, a good video about this topic that isnt incredibly sexist and nasty? incredible. subscribed.
https://youtu.be/TMCFKABRwg0
The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms.\n-stay frosty
Blame isis for this one...
Megyn was really feeling Russell. XX
hence why we have traffic lights, now he is flat in a bush
This is so cute hahahahaha 
Finally after all this years Thanx King
Probably the same people that are behind Vegas.\nCriminals.gov
Brilliant 
The same piece of shit that used the NFL platform to attack the second amendment...fuck that piece of shit...fuck the NFL
Pray for the tacos guys
This is so sad prayers goes out to Mexico 
00:31 The kid stomping on it hahahaha
Legend
Is it just me or does it look like none of these kids were raised by hood rats?
Dominican scum
So that's why a iPhone with all the features of a 3 year old Android costs 1000 dollars lol.  Gotta pay for it somehow....
stratergy: 1/ roll over tickle my belly 2/flip a coin  3/ask The Queen
You know the scene in Titanic when the musicians play while the ship is sinking? This is what Theresa May is doing.
I think I am starting to finally get that Family Guy scene where Peter takes Stewie to Disney World and Stewie gets captured by the its a small world ride people and made to in there as a slave with the other children from around the world. I had no clue at the time what the scene was about until I saw it again at a friends house here over the weekend. Jeezo, we spoke about it and prayed that we are still just guessing at its meaning, but the scene now seems creepy second time around ....
hahah! now they will going to blame her! pathetic! thay cant accept that a white man commited a heinous  crime!
Another settlement need your help
I don't get it, they both look pretty black to me.
does trump know that he put his part on that debt when he tried to make a hotel and ditched it half way and left Puerto Rico with the bill right?
I Boycott these political talk trash show.
That's Keep your mouth shut money!
Omg I'm sorry for the bad news I will pray for all the people 
California is next. Judgement. Earthquakes always come in waves.
Theresa may is a snake and she will not bring her racist hatred against immigrants to our lovely country Italy let inwards looking lonely Britain screw them self's over and if they get to greedy stop sending them doctors or nurses and tourist hahaha they will be laying on empty hospital beds singing the national anthem al the way to the surgery room where Nigel Farage will be doing the surgery and operations
Astonishingly craven greed. His only job as he sees it, is to cut taxes for his donors. Nothing else. They expect a return on their investment. Ryan is the most powerful man in Washington, yet he is an abject failure as a legislator and as a human being.
fuck the juggalos. you cocksuckers makes me fucking sick with your damn facepaint and your shitty music. i hate this shit and hope you all die. fuck u and fuck that retard childsplayninja who supports this wack ass group of idiots.
A.k.a. why Lil Pump is the trapper of the century
Wiseau > Nolan
I.
This may be the funniest thing I've seen on TV all year.  Certainly the most entertaining thing to ever air on CNN.\n\nAnd no one actually wants to listen to women talk about sports.  The only exception I can think of Is Kay Adams - she is the only one that seems like she is voicing her own opinion and not being fed lines by a producer.  ...And holy fuck is she hot.
I feel sorry for her but because of her I now need to push a shopping trolley around because I lost my mobility component
One down and thousands to go
Jerry Sandusky is a fine example of sports today. Drunkards, wife beaters and child rapists.
Good thing's I don't care for religious people good riddance
2017 was messed up
If it's not climate change then I guess God just trying to get rid of America
Middle aged white guy murders 50. Time to put Nevada in the TRAVEL BAN, Donnie. NRA spent $60 million on GOP during election. BLOOD MONEY.
How do they know he wasn't used by terrorists and knew he would be perfect because he had a private life and lots of money. He did own a plane that could have easily have brought it in. The air strip he supposedly used was right next to the Hotel he was at. He gambled so free rain of unlimited cash while preparing. He was never violent, he had a girlfriend, he was wealthy,healthy, and well known around the places he went. Seems everyone liked him with out thinking about it. Maybe they got him when the girl friend left. Maybe they made her leave and she never knew so this wouldn't raise any suspicion while preparing For what was to come. He wore gloves. I bet they only find his prints and absolutely clean shell casings. Even the guns will only have his prints too and everything also it the room will be completely clean, except for his prints. If he did this it would be a first. Killers have done bad things before. He just didn't pull a gun out in the heat of the moment like lower scaled killers do when the shoot someone over BS. He planed this?, and carried it out with not a hint. Even the guy that brought up the room service didnt think anything wrong. He probably knew of him or knew him more well with how many times he gambles and gets rooms. I just cant wrap my head around him being the killer. What about the explosive materials he had that were never used in the car. They said he was gonna escape but i would like to realistically have you guys think about that. Yeah the higher up you are the better shot but, that would make your escape that much harder. And all the cameras on the way down wouldn't have helped. I think towards the end he was in the room waiting to die by the hand of the killers. I say killers because in this short of time it would have taken even professional murders to set up. This guy had no kids either just the girlfriend that was sent away. If he was abducted by killers, they would have to kill her to to keep quiet or just send her away so no one looks for her and foil the plans. The 100 thousand was probably to distract her when she got home so they didnt have to talk much. It could have easily have happened. He just doesn't set the picture as making him the killer. No one ever saw him shoot the guns, even the swat. Just a dead man on the gound when they went in. I think when they tried to breach they shot him in the head and somehow left out of there. Even if they told him to do it by himself that wouldn't make sense to me either because if it were me i would shoot myself before 100's of people without a further thought. Every killer has rubbed someone wrong at on time and all the witnesses that ever talked to him face to face never felt threatened. People just don't become maniacs the blink of an eye and live to you 60's then turn into a super evil person. Every bullet he supposedly fired, with even a semi sane person would have stopped a long time ago. I just can't believe this to happen all by one older respected millionaire that seemed to have it all but children. He had the entire World to lose and he never been violent in his life.
Suspend they not care they still get paid
I'm only in it for my favorite game ever
God bless those storm chasers
Any white guy with a filipina hooker girlfriend is ALWAYS a quiet, secret rageaholic with a testosterone imbalance and a secret manifesto of evil hidden, taped behind his toilet tank
How did I do guys?
Actually Hurricane Ophelia will save lives... More people would die by driving around... Everyone stays home, no one gets killed... Especially since the Irish all insist on driving on the wrong side of the road... which they will tell you is the right way... but its on the left... all very confusing... I thought they were joking... but even worse, they put the steering ting on the wrong side of the car... which really is the right side... but I thought they were having me on so I gave it up an' took the bus an' closed me eyes...
Ahahahahaha what a beautiful thing thanks Mother Nature for doing this now tell North Korea to hurry up and nuke them already
Grow a fucking pair! I'm so sick of people .
Does it get any worse ....
Hey Trump, the anthem is playing, and I'm gonna take a nap.  Come arrest me you fucker.
How many times do you think he dropped the soap or got behind an inmate who dropped the soap?
JERRY BROWN'S ILLEGALS TORCHED THE WINE COUNTRY, THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING.  BROWN AND THE DEMOCRATS ARE GUILTY OF MURDER.
All the angry conservatives in this comment section are making me laugh. Y'all are gonna call liberals snowflakes when you get triggered by an award ceremony?
People saying god is fake when i am here just waiting for the day to come In the bible it also says God gona give us test which mr Atheist/ people that dont belive probably never read or had hard times in life but those who overcome their fears will have a place guaranted and plz dont call me things i am just a kid also i had hard times where i doudet or hover you spell it but i douted about god but one day i hear storys from my family and read lines from the bibble and realised life is a test
Mr. McCain and Paul are acting as true Patriots who are dedicated to their commitment to represent and protect the people of the U. S.  It is a boost to spirit to see some people who work in the GOP in Congress who have conscience and know how to combine heart and mind to produce true wisdom represented by this opposition to the GOP health care bills that have been proposed and are not only nonsensical for other reasons, but are inhumane.  I applaud the GOP members who have the spine to stand up to the pressure and the threats that Trump has made toward some of them.  It sickens me to see so few in that party doing this, but at least we have some.  As for the Democratic Party, maybe at some point, they will be invited into the process of making a bill, and together, the two parties can come up with something more like we Americans want, which is universal health care for ALL Americans.  I hold you all in my heart/mind and continue to pray for the best outcome. Let's get beyond party politics, people. While we argue and play games, Americans are dying.  :(  Let's get priorities straight!
stop paying people to live in a hole
You know it's a sign of how f'd up our times are when it takes a sports presenter to put it all in perspective. Well said sir, as a brit you restored some of my faith in america
I'm sure the FBI would of loved to done this to hippies back in the day!!! And it's as stupid as saying deadheads are a gang..
anyone else see the weird wall glitch at 00:44
This second video totally chokes me up and feels genuine. The first seemed too defensive. I feel for him and his family. They didn't chose to live a life of doubting if they could fix this. Really put yourself in this position based on the last conversation you had with your family.
Atleast it wasn't North America.
PISS ON IT         >:)
Fake news
Hell yes.
Lmao why all these republicans looking for hollywood videos and just spam the comments guy's can you get a life already no one gives an F about what you think . And the whole illuminati hollywood shi** is so funny you guy's are so desperate you're blaming conspiracy theories that literally don't make any sense just like you're orange president you're so sad . These comments kinda make me think of all republicans in a certain way but I know y'all are not that mental . The whole hollywood is bad and hollywood is demons ... keep saying that next day you're in the nearest movie theater watching the huge movies so yep we see who's smart and who's tired
Another reason to drive instead of using mass transit.
R.I.P Tom
media instigating a race war again
It's hard to see from the video, but they literally plopped this in the middle of a city. They have closed lanes and entire roads and there was loud as hell construction there for YEARS... it's literally right next to houses.
Their is no bigger hypocrite then a hollyweird feminist.
I hope and pray for those that don't have power and lost their homes.
Obama gave us Gunstock.  2010. Blood on Obama hands.
Hatians carried out a white genocide and made themselves an aligorchy paving the way for dictators and of course the Clinton rape of their resources after the earth quake this is not the Domincan Republics fault some times bad decisions have bad outcomes and the children pay
BULLLLLSHIIIIIIT
There go my dreams of a traveling willburys reunion
Americans theres is a country in your gun.
White people love burning stuff
Man I hate Jeff flake he is not good for arizona. Here is another example of his bs. Hadn't even read the bill but knows it will be better because no mandate. I can't wait to vote against him.
you are going to have firs black/transgender/woman president
Thanks for the good childhood memories
I live in Nashville and that is awful.
People on here seem surprised that Hollywood is full of hypocrites and fakes.They're actors for crying out loud. They are professional fakes. It has been well known for at least 25 years what that perv was doing. Everyone turned a blind eye until it was made public.Now they all come out and tell us how surprised and disgusted they are. Actors are the most useless people on the planet. Got the shits? Call a doctor. Leaky tap? Call a plumber. Dodgy hair? Call a hair dresser. Persistent boner? Call a hooker. There is no possible scenario that could occur in everyday life which would require you needing an actor. They're fucking useless.
lol Hillary is an old joke. Slam Elizabeth Warren next! That brainless hag deserves it.
Bannon is spot on. I'm so glad this guyband Trump are friends.
Photographing the monkeys is psychologically stressful for them.\n*Films the monkeys instead.*
i know why he did it, because just like Chicago, NOBODY would've given a fuck had he shot up a rap concert. Thats real white privilege, lol
https://youtu.be/vWaljXUiCaE
Rotten Tomatoes is a review aggregator that shows us critical consensus. While its a good compass to see whether a film will be successful, it doesnt tell you whether its for you. Id recommend finding a film critic whos tastes typically align with yours and keeping an eye on their reviews. A lot of their judgement would make sense to you as their opinion would align consistently with theirs and from there, you can make an informed decision on whether you want to watch a movie or not.
Intellegent amd very pretty.
*Clickbait*
Thanks, the TV news here in Argentina never say anything about Ireland.
Hating Muslims is only bringing you closer to the terrorists level. You may not be equivalent but you're getting there guys
I would not be surprised at all if OJ Simpson somehow didn't hire the Las Vegas shooter so that all the media would be focused on that instead of his release which is exactly where they would have focused had this not occurred.
It's clear by now blacks hate America and all white people, they are not ''protesting''  for some ''injustice''.. Blacks experience the same problems we all do in life. Blacks think they should be placed on a pedestal be worship and  given special  entitlement, treatment and a victimhood mentality that justifies violence, ignorance, failures and low IQ sub-human behavior. And Marxist along with white-guilt self-loathers want us to   give blacks glorification for their violence and debauchery. It's only going to get worse. Blacks are extremely jealous and hate white people . They want everything given to them and get upset when they aren't treated like kangz. They will never be happy or satisfied until they see whites completely destroyed... \n\n\nWhite people need to wake the hell up and realize what's going onand do something before it's too late! Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society . White people are least racist, nationalistic and aggressive people in the world these days and that's why we are going to die out. This is just not kind of world where you can allow yourself to be weak and open when everybody else is not. We got to stop and think things over. What's is needed are tough decisions, action and strength Whites need to have each others back and get over any differences they may have. Whites need to stop worrying about being called a racist as it's a hollow attack. Whites need to forget about white guilt - whites built this nation and have given more to minorities than any other race. These people don't want peace, they want everything and they want whites to suffer. \n\n\n\n  For 50 years blacks have been crying  racism andoppression burn down cities rioted demanded special rights, special treatment and Affirmative action . And now 50 years later they are millionaires and billionaires for rapping about being pimps, thugs, drug dealers and criminals. Or for playing basketball making millions for being actors. Blacks are now in every part of government Senators, governors, mayor's, attorney general, city council , law enforcement leaders , district  attorney and  presidents and STILL CRY AND PLAY THE VICTIM AND FAKE OPPRESSION CARD!! Still riot, loot and  demanded special rights, special  treatment and Affirmative action saying whites are holding them down  what pathetic people stay along side their oppressors go back to Africa,  you don't understand we don't want to put up with you or your bullshit!  America is so racist and horrible... hey oppressed black people, I think we should vote to use tax payer dollars to get you on a plane and fly you to the nearest African country.  it pains me to see you suffer so much in America. \n\n\n\n\nThis is a white country and should remain a white country for us and our children. Whites have the right and deserve a leader that will  protect them their Interests, hopes, dreams, well-being, safety and security. To safeguard and preserve our lands, culture, traditions, women, children, freedoms and  entire racean it's future from being obliterate from the face of the earth so we can live a beautiful peaceful life with our own people celebrating our culture and traditions and upholding our values and freedoms, without living in fear of being persecuted.  White people have the right to a homelands and Homogeneous nations. Because Homogeneous nations don't have problems with racism and perceived racism Multiculturalism is the racist ideology that somehow our culture ,ethnicity ,religion, language, race shouldn't be as valued in our ancestral homeland because the color of our skin is white. White nations are for whites not the rest of the world they don't accept mass immigration so why should we. Whites have got to stop asking otherraces that hate us for Permission to exist!  \n\n\nWhites need to expel and banish all non-whites  leeching parasites out of white counties they don't belong here and can not coexist in white civilization!  No other race ON EARTH has to put up with the constant bitching and moaning from other races but especially blacks. I think it all stems from a completely pathological jealousy of white people. Notice the only other race to be mostly successful (Asians and Latinos ) does not complain about white people. Only the ones who can't ever get their shit together or take responsibility. Everyone says don't be racist be then it is perfectly okay tobe racist against white men and the white-guilt self loather is the biggest enemy of whites. And lets call the Democrat's and Republicans leaders what they are and who they support ,white- guilt traitors, black supremacists, communists, Marxists, drug dealers, gang members, jihadists, child rapists, liars, welfare scum, thieves, perverts  and enemies to Western civilization.
IM WALKING\n\n*continues not to walk*
Bro cant seem to put my finger on this chanels content , ive come to the conclusion that they cover pretty much everything 
Black sea Click my YouTube Name and watch my YouTube Channel how augmented Boko Haram Freaks and Hamburg cell Germany blocked me 30 years to learn a profession and tortured. We want our HUMAN rights GG12 UN23
I demand more rights for the clowns.
this is one of the worst videos I've ever seen
Did she get some work done  (plastic surgery) ?
Haven't you learned that all these types of reports are FAKE!
Doesn't matter if you're in front row or not.. That ball can go sky high anywhere in the stadium...Poor child..   awwwwww..I pray for that child who got injured....
Love it, love it, love it.
GOOD NEWS, NFL IS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER COUNTRY, SEEMS THE ONLY COUNTRY THAT WANTS THEM IS IRAN. A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN.
I guess you can say, it's not Naples anymore but Venice....\n                                   ...am I right ...am I right.? Hello? Anyone?
So sad....wow
Good thing jacksepticeye moved
Will Apple park be open to the public when complete?
dam my reading teacher was just in Ireland
Goodman! I been there
I do have a new superhero.
Yo thanks for the support this is so fucking awful
